
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.018686                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18685894000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                18685894000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156357                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   156357                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50081371                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 370096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   373.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    58338467                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      58338467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           158528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5464832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            20800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          3151872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst            10816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          3146496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data          3145216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             15104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       158528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        20800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        10816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          195648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7233472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7233472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              2477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             85388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             49248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst               169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             49164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data             49144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                236001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          113023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               113023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             8483833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           292457615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             1113139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data           168676543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              578832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data           168388839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              294554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data           168320338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               808313694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        8483833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        1113139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         578832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         294554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           10470358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         387108693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              387108693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         387108693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8483833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          292457615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            1113139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data          168676543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             578832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data          168388839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             294554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data          168320338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1195422387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             247                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                         262222                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       2367.309803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                             6503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         265200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           0.024521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                    15490985000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1835.854054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst             79.888856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            141.135259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst              1.172338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            112.784264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              0.446469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            111.521261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst              0.173056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data             84.334247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.448207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.019504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.034457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.027535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.027227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.020589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.577956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                1888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                 437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                 393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                 484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                 446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           115469                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                115469                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                41                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    97                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                  424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 478                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                 424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 400                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 467                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              2485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             37903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             36884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             36807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data             36778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                151548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           47495                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           12378                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           12376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           12381                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               84630                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              85398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              49262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              49183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              49159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 236178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             85398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             49262                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             49183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             49159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                236178                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    129278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2003197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1951348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1945435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1945134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8009764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2515773000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    675884000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    689729000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    693596000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4574982000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    129278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4518970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2627232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2635164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2638730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      12584746000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    129278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4518970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2627232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2635164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2638730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     12584746000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data           38340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst             742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data           37277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst             691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data           37253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst             503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data           37240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              156419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       115469                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            115469                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total              9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         47536                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         12409                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         12396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         12386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             84727                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             4373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            85876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst              742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            49686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst              691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            49649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst              503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            49626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               241146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            4373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           85876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst             742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           49686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst             691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           49649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst             503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           49626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              241146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.568260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.988602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.513477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.989457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.299566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.988028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.204771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.987594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.968859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.444444                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997502                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.998387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999596                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998855                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.568260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.994434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.513477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.991466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.299566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.990614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.204771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.990590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.979398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.568260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.994434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.513477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.991466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.299566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.990614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.204771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.990590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.979398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52023.340040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52850.618685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51472.440945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52904.999458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50801.932367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52855.027576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50922.330097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52888.520311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52852.983873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52969.217812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54603.651640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55731.173239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56020.999919                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54058.631691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52023.340040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52916.578843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51472.440945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53331.817628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50801.932367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53578.756888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50922.330097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53677.454790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53285.005377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52023.340040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52916.578843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51472.440945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53331.817628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50801.932367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53578.756888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50922.330097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53677.454790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53285.005377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               113023                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    113023                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             56                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        37893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        36870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        36788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        36763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           151371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47495                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          84630                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         85388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         49248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         49164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         49144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            236001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        85388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           236001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     99222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1548070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     13069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1508324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1503298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1503354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6185666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       240000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       320000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        80000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       162000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1945833000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    527348000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    541217000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    545024000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3559422000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     99222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3493903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     13069000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2035672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2044515000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2048378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9745088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     99222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3493903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     13069000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2035672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2044515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2048378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9745088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.566430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.988341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.438005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.244573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.987518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.170974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.987191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.967728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.998387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.566430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.438005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.244573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.990231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.170974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.990287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.978664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.566430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.438005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.244573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.990231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.170974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.990287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.978664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40057.327412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40853.719684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40212.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40909.248712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40479.289941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40863.814287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40558.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40893.126241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40864.273870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40969.217812                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42603.651640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43731.173239                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 44020.999919                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42058.631691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40057.327412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40917.962711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40212.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41335.120208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40479.289941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41585.611423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40558.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41681.141136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41292.570794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40057.327412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40917.962711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40212.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41335.120208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40479.289941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41585.611423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40558.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41681.141136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41292.570794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7334355                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      9652                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            1                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7344007                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3534081                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     4411                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3538492                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    10868436                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     14063                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            1                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                10882499                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    4790091                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      261                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                4790352                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        18666214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                 3293705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted           1559575                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             17501                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              2139987                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 1897834                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  863290                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                669                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             77292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      42134773                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3293705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2761124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      6973974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 120974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              11455449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4004                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4790091                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2704                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          18610702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.264008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.240615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                11636728     62.53%     62.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  395653      2.13%     64.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  290018      1.56%     66.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  252325      1.36%     67.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1275955      6.86%     74.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  422171      2.27%     76.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  573652      3.08%     79.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  368078      1.98%     81.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3396122     18.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            18610702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.176453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.257275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  971697                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             10582577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6114725                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               843316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 98387                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              736624                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 1532                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              42031447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                 6649                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 98387                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1727869                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1370649                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles       7146682                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6190435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2076680                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              41935513                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                14770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 98826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1297289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           32947524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             55964529                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        38206555                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         17757974                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             32291574                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  655950                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            132398                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  8571221                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7381023                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3583134                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1422387                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          283612                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  39070509                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1430                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38854465                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            28089                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         716800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       410421                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           277                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     18610702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.087748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.915957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            5527121     29.70%     29.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2743884     14.74%     44.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3035555     16.31%     60.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2897621     15.57%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2299413     12.36%     88.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1050218      5.64%     94.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             571649      3.07%     97.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             413956      2.22%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              71285      0.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       18610702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  64764      8.86%      8.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                262149     35.84%     44.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     44.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4392      0.60%     45.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     45.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     45.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult              292449     39.99%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 92915     12.70%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                14682      2.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             21091875     54.28%     54.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              787048      2.03%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            3048471      7.85%     64.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 14      0.00%     64.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           3028379      7.79%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 90      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7357731     18.94%     90.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3540857      9.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38854465                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.081540                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     731351                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          75660270                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         29046517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28308692                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           21418802                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          10742608                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10469972                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              28679935                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               10905881                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          971220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        92617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          395                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        68917                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        15070                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 98387                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 970172                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           41801654                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7381023                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3583134                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               836                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4839                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           395                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          9224                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7794                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               17018                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             38812169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7344037                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            42296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      2729715                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10882552                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3230200                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   3538515                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.079274                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      38799429                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     38778664                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 27079110                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 37785740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.077479                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716649                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts      41065728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps        41065728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         704007                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           1153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            16013                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     18512315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.218292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.569236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7342188     39.66%     39.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2024748     10.94%     50.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2691878     14.54%     65.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1672181      9.03%     74.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1517471      8.20%     82.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       638250      3.45%     85.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       778883      4.21%     90.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        67479      0.36%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1779237      9.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     18512315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            41065728                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41065728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10802623                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7288406                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        507                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3171873                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  10433588                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 32145703                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              858798                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1779237                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    58482598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   83638003                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                           2294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          55512                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                       19669                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   38350064                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38350064                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             38350064                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.486732                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.486732                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.054518                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.054518                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                42088944                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               23695146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 13149067                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 8949418                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 132312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                  1076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  3462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               819.971623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 4784475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                  4373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs               1094.094443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   819.971623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.800754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.800754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4784475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4784475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4784475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4784475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4784475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4784475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         5616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         5616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          5616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         5616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         5616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    210268000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210268000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    210268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    210268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    210268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    210268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4790091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4790091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4790091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4790091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4790091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4790091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37440.883191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37440.883191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37440.883191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37440.883191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37440.883191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37440.883191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    153230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    153230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    153230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35040.018294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35040.018294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35040.018294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35040.018294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35040.018294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35040.018294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 84790                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse              1020.471904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9573415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                 85810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                111.565260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle            1124209000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1020.471904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.996555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.996555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6143817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6143817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3428463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3428463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data          564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data          530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9572280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9572280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9572280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9572280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       215305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        85217                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        85217                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       300522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        300522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       300522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       300522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11518538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11518538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4226441369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4226441369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1174000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1174000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       135000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       135000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15744979369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15744979369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15744979369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15744979369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6359122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6359122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3513680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3513680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data          596                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          596                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data          537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9872802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9872802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9872802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9872802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024253                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024253                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.053691                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.053691                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013035                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013035                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53498.701842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53498.701842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49596.223394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49596.223394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36687.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36687.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19285.714286                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19285.714286                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52392.102305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52392.102305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52392.102305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52392.102305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1673961                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    994473000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets          21412                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8126.024272                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46444.657202                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        55530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            55530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        37641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       214590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       214590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       214590                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       214590                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        47576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        85932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        85932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2087170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2087170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2637482850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2637482850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       518000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       518000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       114000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       114000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4724652850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4724652850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4724652850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4724652850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013540                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013540                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025168                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025168                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013035                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013035                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54415.736782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54415.736782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55437.255129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55437.255129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34533.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34533.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16285.714286                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16285.714286                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54981.297421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54981.297421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54981.297421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54981.297421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1181450                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      9167                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 1190617                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     763238                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     4003                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 767241                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1944688                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     13170                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                 1957858                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     696624                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      113                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 696737                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         3271973                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                  583892                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted            577654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11534                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               279025                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  272225                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2846                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             19948                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                       7544527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                     583892                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches            275071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      1193418                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                  88680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles               1937791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  46                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        36162                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1398                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                   696624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  547                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples           3264359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.311182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.374625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                 2070941     63.44%     63.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  110857      3.40%     66.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    2935      0.09%     66.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                   78185      2.40%     69.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  145381      4.45%     73.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   23353      0.72%     74.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                   41328      1.27%     75.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                   84044      2.57%     78.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                  707335     21.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total             3264359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.178453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       2.305804                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                  246291                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              1724549                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                   984104                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               198026                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                 75227                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved                3083                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts               7479164                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1515                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                 75227                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                  417903                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                1167540                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles          6985                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                   999287                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               561255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts               7407619                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                14013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 49535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               375899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            5722000                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             11414262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups         5144168                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6270094                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              5210217                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                  511783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               285                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           266                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  1729338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             1219347                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores             803535                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores            4886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7240178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7070638                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         570213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326313                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3264359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.166011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.397758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1441793     44.17%     44.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             224730      6.88%     51.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             314932      9.65%     60.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             279927      8.58%     69.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             267116      8.18%     77.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             300694      9.21%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             296036      9.07%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              84935      2.60%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54196      1.66%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3264359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  63701     31.76%     31.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4388      2.19%     33.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29899     14.90%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 90640     45.18%     94.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11972      5.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3412672     48.27%     48.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 190      0.00%     48.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951757     13.46%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737309     10.43%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1200808     16.98%     89.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             767898     10.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               7070638                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          2.160971                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     200600                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028371                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10048550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3879250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3329606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7582156                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3931483                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3683447                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               3414952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3856282                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33364                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        69134                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51853                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11857                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                 75227                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 960937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48344                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7312318                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1219347                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              803535                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               249                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4960                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4941                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts               11409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7040005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1190620                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            30633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        71827                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     1957861                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                  540978                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                    767241                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    2.151609                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       7030957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      7013053                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  5026459                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  7754778                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      2.143371                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648176                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6739660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps         6739660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts         548885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts            11165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3152970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.137559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.985987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1785396     56.63%     56.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       105365      3.34%     59.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       235433      7.47%     67.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       189906      6.02%     73.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       181517      5.76%     79.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77262      2.45%     81.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        39848      1.26%     82.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63699      2.02%     84.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       474544     15.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3152970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             6739660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               6739660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       1901895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      1150213                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         42                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                    496062                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  4980952                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                1885                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               474544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                     9952333                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   14652331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           7614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                    15413914                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    6669511                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      6669511                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total              6669511                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.490587                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.490587                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              2.038376                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        2.038376                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                 6875996                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                2639880                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                  4076454                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                 2853812                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                    110                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   107                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                81.195354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                  695660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                937.547170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    81.195354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.079292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.079292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       695660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         695660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       695660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          695660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       695660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         695660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     34124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     34124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     34124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     34124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     34124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       696624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       696624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       696624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       696624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       696624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       696624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35398.340249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35398.340249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35398.340249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35398.340249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35398.340249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35398.340249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     24795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     24795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     24795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 33416.442049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33416.442049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 33416.442049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33416.442049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 33416.442049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33416.442049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 48719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               177.803870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 1659679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 49738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 33.368431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           15493132000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   177.803870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.173637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.173637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       933249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         933249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       726277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        726277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1659526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1659526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1659526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1659526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       213672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       213672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        25353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       239025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        239025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       239025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       239025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11431968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11431968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1473353298                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1473353298                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       259000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       259000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       154000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       154000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12905321298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12905321298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12905321298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12905321298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1146921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1146921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       751630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           60                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           60                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data           52                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1898551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1898551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1898551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1898551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.186301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.186301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033731                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033731                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.266667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.266667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.384615                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.125899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.125899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53502.414916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53502.414916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58113.568335                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58113.568335                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16187.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         7700                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7700                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53991.512595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53991.512595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53991.512595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53991.512595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       871998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    946783996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20388                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11626.640000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46438.296841                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            19999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       176314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        12882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       189196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       189196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       189196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       189196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2032967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    755708657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    755708657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       137000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       137000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       100000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       100000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         3000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         3000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2788675657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2788675657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2788675657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2788675657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016592                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016592                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.216667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.365385                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365385                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54418.518122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54418.518122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60597.278246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60597.278246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10538.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10538.461538                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5263.157895                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5263.157895                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55964.913143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55964.913143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55964.913143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55964.913143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     1179798                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      9105                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 1188903                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     762728                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     3929                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 766657                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     1942526                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     13034                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                 1955560                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     698473                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                       97                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 698570                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         3254330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                  582084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted            576746                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11369                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               280059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  271040                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 87                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             17977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                       7534252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                     582084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches            273470                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      1190981                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                  88028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles               1928524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  36                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        36575                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1435                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                   698473                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples           3250597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.317806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.377931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                 2059616     63.36%     63.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  110557      3.40%     66.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    2569      0.08%     66.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                   77678      2.39%     69.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  144881      4.46%     73.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   23318      0.72%     74.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                   41126      1.27%     75.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                   84163      2.59%     78.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                  706689     21.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total             3250597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.178864                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       2.315147                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                  244206                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              1715292                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                   981603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               198178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                 74743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved                2657                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts               7470057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1324                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                 74743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                  416295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                1160426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          4493                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                   997063                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles               561002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts               7398696                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                14644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 49605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               375102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands            5716399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             11404554                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups         5134932                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6269622                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps              5205220                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  511179                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               226                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           205                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  1730307                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             1217167                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores             802726                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40237                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores            7373                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7232451                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                249                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7062939                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24752                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         568998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3250597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.172813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.400482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1432050     44.05%     44.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             224899      6.92%     50.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             311511      9.58%     60.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             279806      8.61%     69.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             265647      8.17%     77.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             300539      9.25%     86.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             296872      9.13%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              85099      2.62%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54174      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3250597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  63335     31.64%     31.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4389      2.19%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29797     14.89%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 90677     45.31%     94.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11948      5.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3407256     48.24%     48.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 149      0.00%     48.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951768     13.48%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737300     10.44%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1199263     16.98%     89.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             767199     10.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total               7062939                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          2.170320                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     200146                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028337                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10019609                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3872047                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3322086                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7581764                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3929677                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3682959                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses               3406977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3856104                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33390                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        68368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51369                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11883                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                 953657                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7303487                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1217167                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              802726                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4920                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6267                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts               11276                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7032110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1188904                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            30829                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        70787                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     1955561                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                  539377                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                    766657                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    2.160847                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                       7022908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                      7005045                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                  5020925                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                  7747895                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      2.152531                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648037                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6732312                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps         6732312                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts         544909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts            11043                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3139279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.144541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.989818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1775122     56.55%     56.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       104269      3.32%     59.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       234498      7.47%     67.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       188699      6.01%     73.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       181466      5.78%     79.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77022      2.45%     81.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        39970      1.27%     82.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63708      2.03%     84.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       474525     15.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3139279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts             6732312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps               6732312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       1900156                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      1148799                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         43                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                    494660                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                  4974464                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                1657                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               474525                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                     9927506                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   14629196                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           3733                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                    15431551                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    6662995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6662995                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total              6662995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.488418                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.488418                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              2.047425                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        2.047425                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                 6865903                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                2633958                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                  4076288                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                 2853658                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                     95                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                    89                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   207                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                83.108591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                  697608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs               1009.562952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    83.108591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.081161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.081161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       697608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         697608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       697608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          697608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       697608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         697608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     22801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     22801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     22801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       698473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       698473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       698473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       698473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       698473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       698473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 26359.537572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26359.537572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 26359.537572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26359.537572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 26359.537572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26359.537572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     16817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     16817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     16817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 24337.192475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24337.192475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 24337.192475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24337.192475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 24337.192475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24337.192475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 48672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse               177.755295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                 1657586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                 49689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                 33.359214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle           15490473000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   177.755295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.173589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.173589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       931475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         931475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data       725988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        725988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      1657463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         1657463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      1657463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        1657463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       213766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       213766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        25325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       239091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        239091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       239091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       239091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11398276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11398276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1506359248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1506359248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       243000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       243000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       122000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       122000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12904635248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12904635248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12904635248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12904635248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1145241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       751313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      1896554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1896554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      1896554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1896554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.186656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.186656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.033708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.280000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.280000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.454545                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.454545                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53321.276536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53321.276536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 59481.115420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59481.115420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17357.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17357.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data         6100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53973.739070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53973.739070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53973.739070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53973.739070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1325994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    943945994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20381                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 12749.942308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46314.998970                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            19988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       176432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        12870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       189302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       189302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       189302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       189302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2028282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2028282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    774343642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    774343642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       143000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       143000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        65000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2802625642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2802625642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2802625642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2802625642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.016578                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016578                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.220000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.431818                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431818                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54328.012000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54328.012000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62171.308069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62171.308069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3421.052632                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3421.052632                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56290.056880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56290.056880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56290.056880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56290.056880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     1178356                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      9135                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 1187491                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     762120                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     3894                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                 766014                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     1940476                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     13029                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                 1953505                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     706268                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                       93                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 706361                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         3253531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                  581096                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted            576278                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11176                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               278542                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  270534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 55                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             16000                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                       7532193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                     581096                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches            272783                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                      1190596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                  88690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles               1931134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  34                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        36341                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1302                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                   706268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  340                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples           3251351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.316635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.377658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                 2060755     63.38%     63.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                  110791      3.41%     66.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    2368      0.07%     66.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                   77576      2.39%     69.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                  144521      4.44%     73.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   23517      0.72%     74.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                   40981      1.26%     75.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                   84353      2.59%     78.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                  706489     21.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total             3251351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.178605                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       2.315083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                  242293                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles              1717523                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                   980686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles               198799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                 75709                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved                2361                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts               7469136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                  968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                 75709                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                  415220                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                1163594                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          3660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                   996449                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles               560378                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts               7398195                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                13667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 49631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents               375316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands            5717472                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups             11408106                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups         5134223                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6273883                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps              5200122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                  517350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                  1729902                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads             1216300                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores             803009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40421                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores            9765                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7231727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7059416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         575520                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       331214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3251351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.171225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.399807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1433858     44.10%     44.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             223725      6.88%     50.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             312325      9.61%     60.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             278511      8.57%     69.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             267416      8.22%     77.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             300638      9.25%     86.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             295737      9.10%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              84896      2.61%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54245      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3251351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  63967     31.89%     31.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4387      2.19%     34.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     34.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     34.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29797     14.85%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     48.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 90549     45.14%     94.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11901      5.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3405834     48.25%     48.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 147      0.00%     48.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951765     13.48%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737303     10.44%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1197871     16.97%     89.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             766492     10.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total               7059416                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          2.169771                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     200601                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028416                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10013049                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3874095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3318543                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7582159                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3933373                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3683059                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses               3403663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3856350                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33317                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        68809                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        52082                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11929                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                 75709                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                 954119                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48287                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7301383                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1216300                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              803009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               167                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33581                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4896                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6261                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4868                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts               11129                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7028648                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1187492                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            30768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        69460                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                     1953506                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                  538152                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                    766014                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    2.160314                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                       7019431                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                      7001602                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                  5020777                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                  7748947                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      2.152001                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.647930                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6724195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps         6724195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts         552553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             84                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts            10941                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3139301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.141940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.987584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1775389     56.55%     56.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       104124      3.32%     59.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       235366      7.50%     67.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       189366      6.03%     73.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       181405      5.78%     79.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        76803      2.45%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        40048      1.28%     82.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63082      2.01%     84.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       473718     15.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3139301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts             6724195                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps               6724195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                       1898418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                      1147491                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                    492988                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                  4967410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                1550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events               473718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                     9927953                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                   14629211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            149                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           2180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                    15432346                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    6655897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6655897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total              6655897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.488819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.488819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              2.045746                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        2.045746                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                 6862156                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                2632047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                  4076213                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                 2853742                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                     55                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                    51                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                68.015225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                  705668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs               1402.918489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    68.015225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.066421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.066421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       705668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         705668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       705668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          705668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       705668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         705668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     13228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     13228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     13228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       706268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       706268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       706268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       706268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       706268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       706268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22046.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22046.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22046.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22046.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22046.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22046.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           97                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20332.007952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20332.007952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20332.007952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20332.007952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20332.007952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20332.007952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 48642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse               177.911135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                 1655636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                 49659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                 33.340099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle           15483592000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   177.911135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.173741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.173741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data       929921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         929921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data       725656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        725656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      1655577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         1655577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      1655577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        1655577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       213926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       213926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data        25246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       239172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        239172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       239172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       239172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11411864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11411864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1524037270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1524037270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       141000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       141000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       132000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       132000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12935901270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12935901270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12935901270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12935901270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1143847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1143847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data       750902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       750902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      1894749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1894749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      1894749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1894749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.187023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.187023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.126229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.126229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53344.913662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53344.913662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 60367.474848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60367.474848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20142.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20142.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13200                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54086.185967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54086.185967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54086.185967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54086.185967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1228999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    945289997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               91                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 13505.483516                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46337.744951                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            19952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       176635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        12824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       189459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       189459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       189459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       189459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        37291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2029300000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2029300000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    783947650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    783947650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       102000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2813247650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2813247650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2813247650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2813247650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.032601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54417.956075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54417.956075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63109.616004                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63109.616004                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         2250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        10200                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10200                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56589.778328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56589.778328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56589.778328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56589.778328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
