
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.061664                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 61664185000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                61664185000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 141998                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   141998                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14951545                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 371432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4124.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   585639330                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     585639330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           213888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          1204352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            20160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           500480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data           522048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data           536000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3010432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       213888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        20160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          247552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1872192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1872192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              3342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             18818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              7820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data              8157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst               156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data              8375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 47038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           29253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                29253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             3468594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            19530818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              326932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             8116219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               57083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             8465984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              161909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             8692242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                48819781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        3468594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         326932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          57083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         161909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            4014518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30361092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30361092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30361092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            3468594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           19530818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             326932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            8116219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              57083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            8465984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             161909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            8692242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               79180873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             808                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                          57408                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       3773.465644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           361999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          61428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.893062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1767.745067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            102.837723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            526.283774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst             19.825631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            423.865151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              4.435360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            428.328716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst             20.639242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            479.504979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.431578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.025107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.128487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.004840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.103483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.001083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.104572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.005039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.117067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.921256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst              123503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data               50755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data               45106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                 516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data               45488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data               44331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  310404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            77568                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 77568                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              321                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              294                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              285                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1179                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               187                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               123503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                51017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                45293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                45662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                44494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   311190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              123503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               51017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               45293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 516                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               45662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 461                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               44494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  311190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              3417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data              9974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              6978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data              7290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data              7463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 35833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                379                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8861                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             890                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             937                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               11556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               7846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               8180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               8400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  47389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              7846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              8180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              8400                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 47389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    177136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    522381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     20077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    366165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    382681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    391569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1875694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1992000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2983000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1097000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1524000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      7596000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    465215000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     45458000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     46626000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     49073000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     606372000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    177136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    987596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     20077000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    411623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    429307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10339000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    440642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2482066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    177136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    987596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     20077000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    411623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    429307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10339000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    440642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2482066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          126920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data           60729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst             637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data           52084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst             628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data           52778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst             667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data           51794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              346237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        77568                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             77568                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          421                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          397                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          372                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          368                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             1558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          1055                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          1064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           126920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            69852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst              637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            53139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst              628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            53842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst              667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            52894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               358579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          126920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           69852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst             637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           53139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst             628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           53842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst             667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           52894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              358579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.026922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.164238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.616954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.133976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.178344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.138126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.308846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.144090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.103493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237530                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.259446                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.241848                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.243261                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.733333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.822749                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.836466                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.851818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.936315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.026922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.269642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.616954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.147651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.178344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.151926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.308846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.158808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.132158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.026922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.269642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.616954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.147651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.178344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.151926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.308846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.158808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.132158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51839.625402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52374.273110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51086.513995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52474.204643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 47732.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52493.964335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50189.320388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52468.042342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52345.435771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19920                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28961.165049                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12609.195402                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17123.595506                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20042.216359                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52501.410676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52370.967742                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52388.764045                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52372.465315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52472.481828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51839.625402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52434.085479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51086.513995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52462.783584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 47732.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52482.518337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50189.320388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52457.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52376.416468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51839.625402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52434.085479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51086.513995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52462.783584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 47732.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52482.518337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50189.320388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52457.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52376.416468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                29253                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     29253                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             75                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             78                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         7438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            35482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          103                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           89                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           379                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8861                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          937                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          11556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          7820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          8157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          8375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             47038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         8157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         8375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            47038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    133770000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    402349000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     12644000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    281753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    294714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    301450000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1435156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4097000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4179000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3555000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3701000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15532000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       242000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       201000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       443000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    358883000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     35042000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     35946000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     37829000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467700000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    133770000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    761232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     12644000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    316795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    330660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    339279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1902856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    133770000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    761232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     12644000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    316795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    330660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    339279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1902856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.163958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.133477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.087580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.137690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.233883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.143607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.102479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237530                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.259446                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.241848                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243261                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.822749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.836466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.851818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.936315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.269398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.147161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.087580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.151499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.233883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.158336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.131179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.269398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.147161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.087580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.151499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.233883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.158336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.131179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40026.929982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40408.657226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40139.682540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40528.337169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40090.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40555.112151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40198.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40528.367841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40447.438138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40970                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40572.815534                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40862.068966                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41584.269663                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40981.530343                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40200                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40272.727273                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40501.410676                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40370.967742                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40388.764045                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40372.465315                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40472.481828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40026.929982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40452.332873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40139.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40510.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40090.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40536.962118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40198.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40510.925373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40453.590714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40026.929982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40452.332873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40139.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40510.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40090.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40536.962118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40198.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40510.925373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40453.590714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    36969275                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     21604                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            9                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                36990879                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   14922827                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      688                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               14923515                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    51892102                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     22292                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            9                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                51914394                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                   26877469                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      339                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses               26877808                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        61576342                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                27721230                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted          23835897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            698196                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             19919720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                19395943                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                 1073318                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                981                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2235238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     195398298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   27721230                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          20469261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     36392844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                3270420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              20242947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5142                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 26877469                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          61443866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.180111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.160634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25051022     40.77%     40.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 3004011      4.89%     45.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1228010      2.00%     47.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1452714      2.36%     50.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 8511617     13.85%     63.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 7607727     12.38%     76.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1182198      1.92%     78.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  850702      1.38%     79.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12555865     20.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            61443866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.450193                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       3.173269                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5908430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17244564                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 32878486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2847573                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               2564813                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             2561775                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 2816                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             192136599                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                14270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               2564813                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9248402                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                9969136                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        516945                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 32310166                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              6834404                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             188978140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 64766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              4616144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          141050461                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            257015786                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        94697422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162318364                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            123877186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                17173275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             39640                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         14768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 25165488                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            37426598                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           15410456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2488983                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1272321                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 176572620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              26971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                170810085                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           474872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       16347390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10595881                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           757                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     61443866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.779937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.068928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13652649     22.22%     22.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6323177     10.29%     32.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            6147732     10.01%     42.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11924282     19.41%     61.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            9022500     14.68%     76.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            7173699     11.68%     88.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            6101521      9.93%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             935471      1.52%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             162835      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       61443866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 100980      3.36%      3.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      3.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      3.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               210214      7.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    4      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1259260     41.95%     52.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               186250      6.20%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1143996     38.11%     96.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               101245      3.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             64178053     37.57%     37.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                9336      0.01%     37.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     37.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37641188     22.04%     59.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7390621      4.33%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9064121      5.31%     69.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             265905      0.16%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            37278897     21.82%     91.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           14981964      8.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             170810085                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.773956                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    3001949                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017575                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         213398834                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         86821007                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     74242391                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193142023                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106129419                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93458755                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              76111671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97700363                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2419530                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2843846                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3491                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       940122                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       636953                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11167                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               2564813                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                8494410                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1196791                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          182902558                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            62465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             37426598                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            15410456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             14477                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  9190                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1453                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3491                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        998983                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120601                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1119584                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            169010242                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             36990950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1799843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      6302967                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    51914486                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                23620913                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  14923536                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.744727                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     168243291                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    167701146                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                106276019                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                130879979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.723467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.812011                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts     166002731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps       166002731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       16901641                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          26214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           695463                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     58879053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.819385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.170521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21220233     36.04%     36.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10292314     17.48%     53.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4119017      7.00%     60.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3802111      6.46%     66.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3260933      5.54%     72.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       715439      1.22%     73.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1714438      2.91%     76.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       878049      1.49%     78.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     12876519     21.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     58879053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           166002731                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             166002731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      49053086                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     34582752                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                      12291                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  22356292                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  91384389                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                106281386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             1023331                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             12876519                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   228901550                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  368378585                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                           6826                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         132476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                       87817                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  160111037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    160111037                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total            160111037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.384585                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.384585                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.600204                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.600204                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               128046773                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               56967605                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                109646391                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                73368328                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                  51002                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                 26960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                125951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               954.983943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                26746576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                126919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                210.737368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   954.983943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.932602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.932602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     26746576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       26746576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     26746576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        26746576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     26746576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       26746576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       130893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       130893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       130893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        130893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       130893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       130893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1985520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1985520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1985520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1985520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1985520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1985520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     26877469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26877469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     26877469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     26877469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     26877469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     26877469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15169.031193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15169.031193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15169.031193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15169.031193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15169.031193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15169.031193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         3973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         3973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         3973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       126920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       126920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       126920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       126920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       126920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       126920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1540551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1540551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1540551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12137.968799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12137.968799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12137.968799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12137.968799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12137.968799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12137.968799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 76247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse              1013.401305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                48159800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                 77263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                623.322936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle            1321480000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1013.401305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.989650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.989650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     33701255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       33701255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     14430739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      14430739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        13639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        13426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     48131994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        48131994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     48131994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       48131994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       194274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        26117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           52                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           52                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       220391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        220391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       220391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       220391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3176202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3176202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1417082134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1417082134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1928000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1928000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       586000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       586000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4593284134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4593284134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4593284134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4593284134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     33895529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33895529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     14456856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14456856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     48352385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48352385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     48352385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48352385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005034                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005034                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003858                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.003858                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16349.084283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16349.084283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54258.993529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54258.993529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27942.028986                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27942.028986                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11269.230769                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11269.230769                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20841.523175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20841.523175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20841.523175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20841.523175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       449944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     99236000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets           7913                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  4454.891089                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 12540.882093                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            27447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       125522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       141994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       141994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        68752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        78397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        78397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1228282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1228282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    502597176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502597176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1483000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1483000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       433000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       433000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1730879176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1730879176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1730879176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1730879176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004158                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004158                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003784                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003784                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17865.400279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17865.400279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52109.608709                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52109.608709                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26017.543860                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26017.543860                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8490.196078                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8490.196078                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22078.385346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22078.385346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22078.385346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22078.385346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    32406070                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     20249                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                32426319                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   12701916                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       67                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               12701983                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    45107986                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     20316                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                45128302                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                   23727322                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      135                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses               23727457                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        52884215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                23004854                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20776042                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            574103                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17792945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17465155                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 89                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles            556812                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     170108966                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                   23004854                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          18251313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     31570605                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2517712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              18761235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        21619                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1684                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 23727322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  423                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          52853662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.218490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.135667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                21283057     40.27%     40.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 2381136      4.51%     44.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  673943      1.28%     46.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1266694      2.40%     48.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 7691408     14.55%     63.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 7152722     13.53%     76.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1359431      2.57%     79.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  468134      0.89%     79.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                10577137     20.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            52853662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.435004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       3.216630                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 3847991                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             16030521                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 28429738                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              2582431                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1941362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1439397                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  311                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             167449157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1941362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 6849000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                9800761                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         10430                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 27960672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              6269818                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             164725112                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 51668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              4330081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          124519153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            228155090                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        65588487                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162566603                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            110946662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                13572491                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           492                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 23251950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            32592694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           13019990                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2194982                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1125550                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154367017                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                521                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149653902                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           450225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12476141                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8888566                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           210                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     52853662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.831477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.025495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10764373     20.37%     20.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5458087     10.33%     30.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5307260     10.04%     40.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11151564     21.10%     61.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7779305     14.72%     76.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6123577     11.59%     88.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5595143     10.59%     98.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             574184      1.09%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             100169      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       52853662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22934      0.84%      0.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               212764      7.76%      8.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   11      0.00%      8.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1179843     43.05%     51.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               184878      6.75%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1093407     39.90%     98.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                46549      1.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49677634     33.20%     33.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37927219     25.34%     58.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7392811      4.94%     63.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9045789      6.04%     69.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             263238      0.18%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32617780     21.80%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12729421      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149653902                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          2.829841                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2740386                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162009621                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60592075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53246329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193342456                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106254094                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93579837                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              54627457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97766827                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1588569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2043557                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2505                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       551976                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       646673                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         6685                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1941362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                8440540                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1192434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159680986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            61181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32592694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13019990                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               416                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  7237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1478                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2505                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        913309                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        77410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              990719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148061175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32426338                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1592727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                      5313448                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    45128321                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                19545821                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  12701983                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    2.799723                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147309311                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    146826166                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 95042522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                116678922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      2.776370                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.814565                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147007169                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps       147007169                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12677819                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           573797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     50890681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.888685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.209990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18297395     35.95%     35.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8806498     17.30%     53.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3066279      6.03%     59.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3282918      6.45%     65.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2947024      5.79%     71.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       522367      1.03%     72.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1567543      3.08%     75.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       791086      1.55%     77.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11609571     22.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     50890681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           147007169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147007169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      43017151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     30549137                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                  18779155                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  91534043                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 88437580                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              771287                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             11609571                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   198964655                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  321313260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                           2213                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                          30553                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                     8779932                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  141853038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    141853038                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total            141853038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.372810                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.372810                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              2.682332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        2.682332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               101764297                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               41830502                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                110062726                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                73580603                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                    237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   219                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               375.784977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                23726520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs              37247.284144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   375.784977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.366978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.366978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     23726520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23726520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     23726520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        23726520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     23726520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       23726520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     31140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     31140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     31140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     31140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     31140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     23727322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23727322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     23727322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     23727322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     23727322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     23727322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 38827.930175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38827.930175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 38827.930175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38827.930175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 38827.930175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38827.930175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37521.193093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37521.193093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37521.193093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37521.193093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37521.193093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37521.193093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 59614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               823.647274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                42462828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 60590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                700.822380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   823.647274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.804343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.804343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     29999207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29999207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     12462749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12462749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     42461956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        42461956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     42461956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       42461956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       171441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         5156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       176597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        176597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       176597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       176597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2630926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2630926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    235758999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    235758999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       263000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       263000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        31000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        31000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2866684999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2866684999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2866684999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2866684999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     30170648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30170648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     12467905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12467905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     42638553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42638553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     42638553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42638553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.084034                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084034                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.055046                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055046                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15345.955752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15345.955752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45725.174360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45725.174360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        26300                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26300                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16232.920146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16232.920146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16232.920146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16232.920146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     46810000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets           6838                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6845.568880                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            16920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       111411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         3616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       115027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       115027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       115027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       115027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        60030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        61570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        61570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        61570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        61570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1008323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     60861999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60861999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       233000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       233000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1069184999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1069184999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1069184999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1069184999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.084034                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084034                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.055046                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055046                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16796.984841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16796.984841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39520.778571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39520.778571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        23300                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23300                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17365.356489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17365.356489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17365.356489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17365.356489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    32389642                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     20064                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            6                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                32409706                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   12693394                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       74                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               12693468                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    45083036                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     20138                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            6                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                45103174                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                   23703084                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      131                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses               23703215                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        52921315                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                23013359                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20782498                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            577200                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17747418                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17459570                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786355                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 90                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles            552496                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     170057473                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   23013359                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          18245925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     31550578                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                2522922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              18824932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  35                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        21444                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1721                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 23703084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  376                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          52894966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.215003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.135747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                21344388     40.35%     40.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 2375220      4.49%     44.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  657785      1.24%     46.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1272288      2.41%     48.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 7688775     14.54%     63.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 7148891     13.52%     76.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1359921      2.57%     79.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  490846      0.93%     80.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                10556852     19.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            52894966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.434860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       3.213402                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 3866761                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             16076540                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 28396233                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              2590534                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1943454                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             1441402                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  316                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             167364137                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1396                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1943454                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 6850027                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                9848141                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          9271                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 27946404                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              6276225                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             164639700                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 52172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              4336230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          124447098                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            228050186                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        65515731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162534455                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            110915531                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                13531567                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               650                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           623                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 23191093                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            32581275                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores           13016610                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2237504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1197386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154292442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                534                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149557624                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           454661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12437195                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8918855                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           226                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     52894966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.827445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.021193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10782550     20.38%     20.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5456040     10.31%     30.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5305085     10.03%     40.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11193605     21.16%     61.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7805331     14.76%     76.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6160526     11.65%     88.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5539572     10.47%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             568843      1.08%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              83414      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       52894966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22920      0.83%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               198930      7.21%      8.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    5      0.00%      8.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1226875     44.46%     52.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               184293      6.68%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     59.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1080312     39.15%     98.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                46292      1.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49624615     33.18%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37919108     25.35%     58.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7385662      4.94%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9041822      6.05%     69.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             262918      0.18%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32599927     21.80%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12723562      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149557624                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          2.826038                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2759627                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018452                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         161949960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60520921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53195768                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193274542                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106211666                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93534964                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              54575370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97741877                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1588354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2042075                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2437                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       553442                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       646956                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7034                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1943454                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                8441445                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1193071                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159603501                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            53672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32581275                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13016610                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               433                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  7212                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1561                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2437                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        911382                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        78845                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              990227                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            147966896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32409733                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1590728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      5310525                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    45103201                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                19535026                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                  12693468                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    2.795979                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147215796                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    146730732                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 94927642                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                116602101                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      2.772621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.814116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts     146965454                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps       146965454                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12641534                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           576894                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     50930068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.885632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.210417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18399866     36.13%     36.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8675418     17.03%     53.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3131303      6.15%     59.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3362381      6.60%     65.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2862697      5.62%     71.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       543804      1.07%     72.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1526608      3.00%     75.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       813097      1.60%     77.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11614894     22.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     50930068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           146965454                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             146965454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      43002368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     30539200                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  18776727                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  91509855                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 88409268                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              771027                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             11614894                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   198920719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  321159405                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                           2152                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                          26349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                     8742833                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  141813918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    141813918                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total            141813918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.373174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.373174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              2.679713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        2.679713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               101683809                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               41794675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                110011241                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                73542831                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                    237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   219                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse               367.632536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                23702359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs              37742.609873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   367.632536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.359016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.359016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23702359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23702359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23702359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23702359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23702359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23702359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     15162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     15162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     15162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     23703084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23703084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     23703084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     23703084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     23703084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     23703084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20913.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20913.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20913.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20913.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20913.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20913.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           97                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     12070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     12070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     12070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19219.745223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19219.745223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19219.745223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19219.745223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19219.745223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19219.745223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 59682                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse               823.895705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                42438407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                 60658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                699.634129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   823.895705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.804586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.804586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     29979687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29979687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     12457888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12457888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     42437575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        42437575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     42437575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       42437575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       174311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       174311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         5171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       179482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        179482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       179482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       179482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2688353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2688353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    237378000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    237378000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        56000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        56000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2925731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2925731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2925731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2925731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     30153998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30153998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     12463059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12463059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     42617057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42617057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     42617057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42617057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.083333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.155963                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.155963                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15422.738668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15422.738668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45905.627538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45905.627538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data         5600                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5600                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5941.176471                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5941.176471                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16300.971685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16300.971685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16300.971685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16300.971685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48825000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets           7063                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6912.784936                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            16565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       114176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       114176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         3657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       117833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       117833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        60135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        61649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        61649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        61649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        61649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1026938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1026938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     60629000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60629000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        26000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        50000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1087567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1087567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1087567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1087567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.155963                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155963                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17077.209612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17077.209612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40045.574637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40045.574637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         2600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  2941.176471                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2941.176471                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17641.275609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17641.275609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17641.275609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17641.275609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    32412971                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                     20026                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            3                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                32432997                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   12704466                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       65                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               12704531                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    45117437                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     20091                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            3                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                45137528                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                   23732033                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      126                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses               23732159                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        52952624                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                22628160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20771411                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            572261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             18085235                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17842076                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles            554431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                     170133004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                   22628160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches          18628640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     31570958                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                2516712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles              18831415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        21849                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1745                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 23732033                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  425                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          52922820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.214738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                21351862     40.35%     40.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 2029868      3.84%     44.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                  648488      1.23%     45.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1636020      3.09%     48.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 7694747     14.54%     63.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 7155698     13.52%     76.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1707059      3.23%     79.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                  494356      0.93%     80.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                10204722     19.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            52922820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.427328                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       3.212929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                 3863735                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             16081329                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 28408604                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              2605236                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles               1942067                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved             1066943                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  332                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             167479337                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                 1428                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles               1942067                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                 6861573                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                9813137                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         10195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 27968877                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles              6305122                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             164707856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                  616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 52071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents              4352672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          124877211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            228850973                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups        65593998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        163256975                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            111276378                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                13600833                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               463                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           423                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 23248661                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            32608959                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores           13022412                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2246903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1267447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154398910                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149646679                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           456584                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12498742                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8967246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           148                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     52922820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.827640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.017196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10749980     20.31%     20.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5369896     10.15%     30.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5446835     10.29%     40.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11255407     21.27%     62.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7810226     14.76%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6109826     11.54%     88.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5521268     10.43%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             575806      1.09%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              83576      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       52922820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22915      0.83%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               196242      7.10%      7.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    8      0.00%      7.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      7.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1178980     42.68%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               184786      6.69%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1132253     40.99%     98.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                46886      1.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49339739     32.97%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           38240983     25.55%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7395364      4.94%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9046923      6.05%     69.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             263330      0.18%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32627801     21.80%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12732529      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149646679                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          2.826048                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2762070                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018457                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         161405862                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60237280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     52911578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          194028970                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106663438                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93883287                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              54291883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               98116862                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1589642                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2058183                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2629                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       553752                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       646966                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7105                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles               1942067                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                8446574                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1194273                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159714989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            55104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32608959                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13022412                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               360                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  7440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1619                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2629                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        916206                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        73499                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts              989705                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148033806                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32433028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1612873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                      5315627                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    45137561                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                19196337                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                  12704533                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    2.795590                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147279695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    146794865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                 95374877                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                117403595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      2.772192                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.812368                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147017053                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps       147017053                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12701778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts           571943                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     50958904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.885012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.212204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18420128     36.15%     36.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8764963     17.20%     53.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3084813      6.05%     59.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3235232      6.35%     65.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2922744      5.74%     71.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       557483      1.09%     72.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1536707      3.02%     75.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       816537      1.60%     77.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11620297     22.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     50958904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts           147017053                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147017053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      43019436                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     30550776                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         75                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                  18457222                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  91859907                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 88443866                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              771408                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             11620297                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   199055995                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  321381740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                           2249                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                          29804                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                     8711532                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  141861337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    141861337                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total            141861337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.373270                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.373270                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              2.679024                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        2.679024                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               101788597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               41842197                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                110666170                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                73886366                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                    239                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   221                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   169                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse               377.344304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                23731227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs              35579.050975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   377.344304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.368500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.368500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     23731227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23731227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     23731227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        23731227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     23731227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       23731227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     21309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     21309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     21309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     23732033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23732033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     23732033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     23732033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     23732033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     23732033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 26437.965261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26437.965261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 26437.965261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26437.965261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 26437.965261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26437.965261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 24878.560720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24878.560720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 24878.560720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24878.560720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 24878.560720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24878.560720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 58992                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse               828.239079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                42468509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                 59980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                708.044498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   828.239079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.808827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.808827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     30004458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       30004458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     12463138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12463138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     42467596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        42467596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     42467596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       42467596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       171519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         5412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5412                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           52                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       176931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        176931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       176931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       176931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2674185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2674185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    250009996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250009996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       243000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       243000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       572000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       572000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2924194996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2924194996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2924194996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2924194996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     30175977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30175977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     12468550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12468550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     42644527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42644527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     42644527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42644527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.201613                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.201613                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.472727                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.472727                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15591.188148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15591.188148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 46195.490761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46195.490761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data         9720                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9720                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16527.318537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16527.318537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16527.318537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16527.318537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48238000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets           7014                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6877.388081                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            16636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       112096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         3804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       115900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       115900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       115900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       115900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        59423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        61031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        61031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        61031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        61031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1023525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     63626998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63626998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       102000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       416000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       416000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1087151998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1087151998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1087151998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1087151998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.185484                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185484                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.472727                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472727                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17224.391229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17224.391229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 39569.028607                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39569.028607                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4434.782609                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4434.782609                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         8000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17813.111337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17813.111337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17813.111337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17813.111337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
