
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.037577                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37576969000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                37576969000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 124733                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   191681                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51696004                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 418516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   726.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    90666196                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     139329835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        36697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        23667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        60364                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        37210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        23595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        60805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        37349                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        23843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        61192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        37636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        23779                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        61415                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        37789                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        23916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        37577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        23772                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        61349                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        37567                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        23875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        61442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        37849                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        23743                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        61592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits       695856                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        63119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       758975                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits      7944679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses          158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7944837                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits       698478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        58971                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       757449                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits      7949387                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses          139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7949526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits       691570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        61016                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       752586                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      7938600                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses          163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7938763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits       705853                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59451                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       765304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits      7969319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses          149                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7969468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       709593                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        61855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       771448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      8009658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          696                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8010354                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits       723813                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60266                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       784079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      7997652                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7997804                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       708500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        61737                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       770237                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      7969572                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses          159                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7969731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       697520                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       757090                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      7949320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses          154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7949474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        36886                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        26366                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        63252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        37957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        23810                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        61767                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        36647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        23632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        60279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        36977                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        23910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        60887                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits       681599                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses        64473                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       746072                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits      7917132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses          148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7917280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits       721723                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59730                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       781453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits      7997482                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses          148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7997630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        37127                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        23436                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        60563                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        36868                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        23498                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        60366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits       701866                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       761769                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits      7966497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses          146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7966643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits       690300                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        61631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       751931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits      7960312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses          155                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7960467                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits       695064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        63204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       758268                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits      7947545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses          152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7947697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits       695566                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       755167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits      7949047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses          139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7949186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits       704215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        61780                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       765995                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits      7965477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses          162                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7965639                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits       690990                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       750768                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits      7940277                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses          150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7940427                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        37624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        23778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        61402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        37138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        23537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        60675                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReq         32064                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRead        20870                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWrite        11194                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRefresh       120759                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7131                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memInputQ           59                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankQ          430                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.totalStalls         7620                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.237650                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5060                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1267                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          277                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          149                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memArbWait          378                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount |        4092     12.76%     12.76% |           0      0.00%     12.76% |           0      0.00%     12.76% |           0      0.00%     12.76% |        3846     11.99%     24.76% |           0      0.00%     24.76% |           0      0.00%     24.76% |           0      0.00%     24.76% |        4036     12.59%     37.34% |           0      0.00%     37.34% |           0      0.00%     37.34% |           0      0.00%     37.34% |        3956     12.34%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |        4148     12.94%     62.62% |           0      0.00%     62.62% |           0      0.00%     62.62% |           0      0.00%     62.62% |        3974     12.39%     75.01% |           0      0.00%     75.01% |           0      0.00%     75.01% |           0      0.00%     75.01% |        4060     12.66%     87.67% |           0      0.00%     87.67% |           0      0.00%     87.67% |           0      0.00%     87.67% |        3952     12.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32064                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memReq         32229                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memRead        20978                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memWrite        11251                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memRefresh       120748                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7145                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memInputQ           43                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankQ          225                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.totalStalls         7413                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.230010                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5171                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1208                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          279                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          137                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memArbWait          350                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankCount |        4146     12.86%     12.86% |           0      0.00%     12.86% |           0      0.00%     12.86% |           0      0.00%     12.86% |        3880     12.04%     24.90% |           0      0.00%     24.90% |           0      0.00%     24.90% |           0      0.00%     24.90% |        4049     12.56%     37.47% |           0      0.00%     37.47% |           0      0.00%     37.47% |           0      0.00%     37.47% |        4030     12.50%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |        4152     12.88%     62.85% |           0      0.00%     62.85% |           0      0.00%     62.85% |           0      0.00%     62.85% |        3940     12.23%     75.08% |           0      0.00%     75.08% |           0      0.00%     75.08% |           0      0.00%     75.08% |        4075     12.64%     87.72% |           0      0.00%     87.72% |           0      0.00%     87.72% |           0      0.00%     87.72% |        3957     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32229                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memReq         32060                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memRead        20868                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memWrite        11192                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memRefresh       120119                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         6956                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memInputQ           55                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankQ          519                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.totalStalls         7530                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.234872                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankBusy         4917                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1246                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          275                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          121                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memArbWait          397                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankCount |        4091     12.76%     12.76% |           0      0.00%     12.76% |           0      0.00%     12.76% |           0      0.00%     12.76% |        3874     12.08%     24.84% |           0      0.00%     24.84% |           0      0.00%     24.84% |           0      0.00%     24.84% |        4089     12.75%     37.60% |           0      0.00%     37.60% |           0      0.00%     37.60% |           0      0.00%     37.60% |        3938     12.28%     49.88% |           0      0.00%     49.88% |           0      0.00%     49.88% |           0      0.00%     49.88% |        4126     12.87%     62.75% |           0      0.00%     62.75% |           0      0.00%     62.75% |           0      0.00%     62.75% |        3957     12.34%     75.09% |           0      0.00%     75.09% |           0      0.00%     75.09% |           0      0.00%     75.09% |        4050     12.63%     87.73% |           0      0.00%     87.73% |           0      0.00%     87.73% |           0      0.00%     87.73% |        3935     12.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32060                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memReq         31964                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memRead        20839                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memWrite        11125                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memRefresh       119997                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7145                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memInputQ           67                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankQ          169                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.totalStalls         7381                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.230916                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankBusy         4953                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1357                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          293                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          164                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memArbWait          378                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankCount |        4075     12.75%     12.75% |           0      0.00%     12.75% |           0      0.00%     12.75% |           0      0.00%     12.75% |        3889     12.17%     24.92% |           0      0.00%     24.92% |           0      0.00%     24.92% |           0      0.00%     24.92% |        4067     12.72%     37.64% |           0      0.00%     37.64% |           0      0.00%     37.64% |           0      0.00%     37.64% |        3966     12.41%     50.05% |           0      0.00%     50.05% |           0      0.00%     50.05% |           0      0.00%     50.05% |        4079     12.76%     62.81% |           0      0.00%     62.81% |           0      0.00%     62.81% |           0      0.00%     62.81% |        3913     12.24%     75.05% |           0      0.00%     75.05% |           0      0.00%     75.05% |           0      0.00%     75.05% |        4073     12.74%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |        3902     12.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        31964                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memReq         31977                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memRead        20868                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memWrite        11109                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memRefresh       120267                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         6860                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memInputQ           63                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankQ          175                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.totalStalls         7098                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.221972                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankBusy         4859                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1233                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          292                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          135                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memArbWait          341                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4048     12.66%     12.66% |           0      0.00%     12.66% |           0      0.00%     12.66% |           0      0.00%     12.66% |        3849     12.04%     24.70% |           0      0.00%     24.70% |           0      0.00%     24.70% |           0      0.00%     24.70% |        4064     12.71%     37.41% |           0      0.00%     37.41% |           0      0.00%     37.41% |           0      0.00%     37.41% |        3977     12.44%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |           0      0.00%     49.84% |        4067     12.72%     62.56% |           0      0.00%     62.56% |           0      0.00%     62.56% |           0      0.00%     62.56% |        3936     12.31%     74.87% |           0      0.00%     74.87% |           0      0.00%     74.87% |           0      0.00%     74.87% |        4115     12.87%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |        3921     12.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        31977                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memReq         32022                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memRead        20880                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memWrite        11142                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memRefresh       119959                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7011                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memInputQ           61                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankQ          213                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.totalStalls         7285                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.227500                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5162                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1169                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          240                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          140                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memArbWait          300                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3992     12.47%     12.47% |           0      0.00%     12.47% |           0      0.00%     12.47% |           0      0.00%     12.47% |        3851     12.03%     24.49% |           0      0.00%     24.49% |           0      0.00%     24.49% |           0      0.00%     24.49% |        4075     12.73%     37.22% |           0      0.00%     37.22% |           0      0.00%     37.22% |           0      0.00%     37.22% |        4021     12.56%     49.78% |           0      0.00%     49.78% |           0      0.00%     49.78% |           0      0.00%     49.78% |        4084     12.75%     62.53% |           0      0.00%     62.53% |           0      0.00%     62.53% |           0      0.00%     62.53% |        3991     12.46%     74.99% |           0      0.00%     74.99% |           0      0.00%     74.99% |           0      0.00%     74.99% |        4027     12.58%     87.57% |           0      0.00%     87.57% |           0      0.00%     87.57% |           0      0.00%     87.57% |        3981     12.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32022                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memReq         31883                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memRead        20820                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memWrite        11063                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memRefresh       120004                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         6975                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memInputQ           39                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankQ          149                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.totalStalls         7163                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.224665                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5117                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1155                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          276                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          128                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memArbWait          299                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3926     12.31%     12.31% |           0      0.00%     12.31% |           0      0.00%     12.31% |           0      0.00%     12.31% |        3901     12.24%     24.55% |           0      0.00%     24.55% |           0      0.00%     24.55% |           0      0.00%     24.55% |        4043     12.68%     37.23% |           0      0.00%     37.23% |           0      0.00%     37.23% |           0      0.00%     37.23% |        3993     12.52%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |        4083     12.81%     62.56% |           0      0.00%     62.56% |           0      0.00%     62.56% |           0      0.00%     62.56% |        3972     12.46%     75.02% |           0      0.00%     75.02% |           0      0.00%     75.02% |           0      0.00%     75.02% |        4029     12.64%     87.65% |           0      0.00%     87.65% |           0      0.00%     87.65% |           0      0.00%     87.65% |        3936     12.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        31883                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memReq         31947                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memRead        20822                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memWrite        11125                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memRefresh       120143                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         6920                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memInputQ           52                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankQ          204                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.totalStalls         7176                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.224622                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5100                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1132                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          250                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          146                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memArbWait          292                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3957     12.39%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |        3873     12.12%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |        4091     12.81%     37.31% |           0      0.00%     37.31% |           0      0.00%     37.31% |           0      0.00%     37.31% |        4003     12.53%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |        4024     12.60%     62.44% |           0      0.00%     62.44% |           0      0.00%     62.44% |           0      0.00%     62.44% |        3998     12.51%     74.96% |           0      0.00%     74.96% |           0      0.00%     74.96% |           0      0.00%     74.96% |        4051     12.68%     87.64% |           0      0.00%     87.64% |           0      0.00%     87.64% |           0      0.00%     87.64% |        3950     12.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        31947                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memReq         31939                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memRead        20830                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memWrite        11109                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memRefresh       120043                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         6672                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memInputQ           44                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankQ          191                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.totalStalls         6907                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.216256                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankBusy         4695                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1220                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          294                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          125                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memArbWait          338                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3931     12.31%     12.31% |           0      0.00%     12.31% |           0      0.00%     12.31% |           0      0.00%     12.31% |        3945     12.35%     24.66% |           0      0.00%     24.66% |           0      0.00%     24.66% |           0      0.00%     24.66% |        4064     12.72%     37.38% |           0      0.00%     37.38% |           0      0.00%     37.38% |           0      0.00%     37.38% |        4008     12.55%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |        4038     12.64%     62.58% |           0      0.00%     62.58% |           0      0.00%     62.58% |           0      0.00%     62.58% |        4006     12.54%     75.12% |           0      0.00%     75.12% |           0      0.00%     75.12% |           0      0.00%     75.12% |        3988     12.49%     87.60% |           0      0.00%     87.60% |           0      0.00%     87.60% |           0      0.00%     87.60% |        3959     12.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        31939                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memReq         32207                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memRead        20982                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memWrite        11225                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memRefresh       119929                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         6796                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memInputQ           46                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankQ          163                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.totalStalls         7005                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.217499                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankBusy         4865                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1210                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          281                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          127                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memArbWait          313                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3978     12.35%     12.35% |           0      0.00%     12.35% |           0      0.00%     12.35% |           0      0.00%     12.35% |        3963     12.30%     24.66% |           0      0.00%     24.66% |           0      0.00%     24.66% |           0      0.00%     24.66% |        4051     12.58%     37.23% |           0      0.00%     37.23% |           0      0.00%     37.23% |           0      0.00%     37.23% |        4036     12.53%     49.77% |           0      0.00%     49.77% |           0      0.00%     49.77% |           0      0.00%     49.77% |        4009     12.45%     62.21% |           0      0.00%     62.21% |           0      0.00%     62.21% |           0      0.00%     62.21% |        4192     13.02%     75.23% |           0      0.00%     75.23% |           0      0.00%     75.23% |           0      0.00%     75.23% |        3998     12.41%     87.64% |           0      0.00%     87.64% |           0      0.00%     87.64% |           0      0.00%     87.64% |        3980     12.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32207                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memReq        32309                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memRead        21073                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memWrite        11236                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memRefresh       119675                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7496                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memInputQ           63                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankQ          391                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.totalStalls         7950                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.246061                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5527                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1209                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          277                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          150                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memArbWait          333                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3927     12.15%     12.15% |           0      0.00%     12.15% |           0      0.00%     12.15% |           0      0.00%     12.15% |        4053     12.54%     24.70% |           0      0.00%     24.70% |           0      0.00%     24.70% |           0      0.00%     24.70% |        4041     12.51%     37.21% |           0      0.00%     37.21% |           0      0.00%     37.21% |           0      0.00%     37.21% |        4072     12.60%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |        4028     12.47%     62.28% |           0      0.00%     62.28% |           0      0.00%     62.28% |           0      0.00%     62.28% |        4154     12.86%     75.13% |           0      0.00%     75.13% |           0      0.00%     75.13% |           0      0.00%     75.13% |        4048     12.53%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |        3986     12.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32309                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memReq        32231                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memRead        21040                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memWrite        11191                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memRefresh       120533                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7195                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memInputQ           48                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankQ          170                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.totalStalls         7413                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.229996                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5246                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1199                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          279                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          145                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memArbWait          326                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3880     12.04%     12.04% |           0      0.00%     12.04% |           0      0.00%     12.04% |           0      0.00%     12.04% |        4019     12.47%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |        3957     12.28%     36.78% |           0      0.00%     36.78% |           0      0.00%     36.78% |           0      0.00%     36.78% |        4073     12.64%     49.42% |           0      0.00%     49.42% |           0      0.00%     49.42% |           0      0.00%     49.42% |        4067     12.62%     62.04% |           0      0.00%     62.04% |           0      0.00%     62.04% |           0      0.00%     62.04% |        4249     13.18%     75.22% |           0      0.00%     75.22% |           0      0.00%     75.22% |           0      0.00%     75.22% |        3992     12.39%     87.61% |           0      0.00%     87.61% |           0      0.00%     87.61% |           0      0.00%     87.61% |        3994     12.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32231                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memReq        32359                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memRead        21110                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memWrite        11249                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memRefresh       120087                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7760                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memInputQ           62                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankQ          419                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.totalStalls         8241                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.254674                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5700                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1259                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          284                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          152                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memArbWait          365                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3916     12.10%     12.10% |           0      0.00%     12.10% |           0      0.00%     12.10% |           0      0.00%     12.10% |        3995     12.35%     24.45% |           0      0.00%     24.45% |           0      0.00%     24.45% |           0      0.00%     24.45% |        4072     12.58%     37.03% |           0      0.00%     37.03% |           0      0.00%     37.03% |           0      0.00%     37.03% |        4097     12.66%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |        4065     12.56%     62.25% |           0      0.00%     62.25% |           0      0.00%     62.25% |           0      0.00%     62.25% |        4195     12.96%     75.22% |           0      0.00%     75.22% |           0      0.00%     75.22% |           0      0.00%     75.22% |        3964     12.25%     87.47% |           0      0.00%     87.47% |           0      0.00%     87.47% |           0      0.00%     87.47% |        4055     12.53%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32359                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memReq        32403                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memRead        21088                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memWrite        11315                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memRefresh       120082                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7387                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memInputQ           52                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankQ          287                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.totalStalls         7726                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.238435                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5351                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1267                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          255                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          134                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memArbWait          380                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3934     12.14%     12.14% |           0      0.00%     12.14% |           0      0.00%     12.14% |           0      0.00%     12.14% |        4050     12.50%     24.64% |           0      0.00%     24.64% |           0      0.00%     24.64% |           0      0.00%     24.64% |        4022     12.41%     37.05% |           0      0.00%     37.05% |           0      0.00%     37.05% |           0      0.00%     37.05% |        4037     12.46%     49.51% |           0      0.00%     49.51% |           0      0.00%     49.51% |           0      0.00%     49.51% |        4089     12.62%     62.13% |           0      0.00%     62.13% |           0      0.00%     62.13% |           0      0.00%     62.13% |        4214     13.00%     75.14% |           0      0.00%     75.14% |           0      0.00%     75.14% |           0      0.00%     75.14% |        4019     12.40%     87.54% |           0      0.00%     87.54% |           0      0.00%     87.54% |           0      0.00%     87.54% |        4038     12.46%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32403                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memReq        32256                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memRead        20984                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memWrite        11272                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memRefresh       119789                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7629                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memInputQ           56                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankQ          650                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.totalStalls         8335                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.258402                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5660                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1222                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          267                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          149                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memArbWait          331                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3870     12.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |        4053     12.57%     24.56% |           0      0.00%     24.56% |           0      0.00%     24.56% |           0      0.00%     24.56% |        4033     12.50%     37.07% |           0      0.00%     37.07% |           0      0.00%     37.07% |           0      0.00%     37.07% |        4098     12.70%     49.77% |           0      0.00%     49.77% |           0      0.00%     49.77% |           0      0.00%     49.77% |        3991     12.37%     62.14% |           0      0.00%     62.14% |           0      0.00%     62.14% |           0      0.00%     62.14% |        4185     12.97%     75.12% |           0      0.00%     75.12% |           0      0.00%     75.12% |           0      0.00%     75.12% |        4010     12.43%     87.55% |           0      0.00%     87.55% |           0      0.00%     87.55% |           0      0.00%     87.55% |        4016     12.45%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32256                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memReq        32225                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memRead        20985                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memWrite        11240                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memRefresh       120825                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         7653                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memInputQ           53                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankQ          207                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.totalStalls         7913                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.245555                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankBusy         5623                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1270                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          276                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          137                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memArbWait          347                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3875     12.02%     12.02% |           0      0.00%     12.02% |           0      0.00%     12.02% |           0      0.00%     12.02% |        4079     12.66%     24.68% |           0      0.00%     24.68% |           0      0.00%     24.68% |           0      0.00%     24.68% |        3942     12.23%     36.92% |           0      0.00%     36.92% |           0      0.00%     36.92% |           0      0.00%     36.92% |        4193     13.01%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |        4004     12.43%     62.35% |           0      0.00%     62.35% |           0      0.00%     62.35% |           0      0.00%     62.35% |        4095     12.71%     75.06% |           0      0.00%     75.06% |           0      0.00%     75.06% |           0      0.00%     75.06% |        3921     12.17%     87.23% |           0      0.00%     87.23% |           0      0.00%     87.23% |           0      0.00%     87.23% |        4116     12.77%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32225                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                167                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                       75153938                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                   5699402                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                     8785962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses             3963454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses              5698482                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                      1484                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts       209165                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                    3963454                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                     5698482                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads           8335682                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes          4987696                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads           12738534                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes           5262168                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                      771448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                    491295                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                   280153                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             74247.999998                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             75079690.000002                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.999012                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.000988                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                       74810112                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   5705232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                     8738038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             3921007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681255                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                       110                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts       215967                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    3921007                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                     5681255                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads           8329054                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          4894701                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads           12720293                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes           5249114                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                      784079                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                    498970                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                   285109                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             792643.028128                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             74017468.971872                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.989405                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.010595                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                       74808584                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   5676701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                     8712846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses             3891161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses              5698265                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                       104                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts       207615                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                    3891161                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                     5698265                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads           8207653                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          4872367                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads           12738095                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes           5261981                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                      770237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                    490193                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                   280044                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             795479.668262                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             74013104.331738                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.989366                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.010634                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                       74807792                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   5661831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                     8685425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses             3867816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681917                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                        86                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts       206150                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                    3867816                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                     5681917                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads           8144758                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          4853857                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads           12721791                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes           5249726                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                      757090                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                    481363                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                   275727                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             816722.912106                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             73991069.087894                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.989082                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.010918                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                       74808764                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   5651264                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     8693284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             3867416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses              5714726                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                       114                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       200006                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    3867416                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                     5714726                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads           8101668                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          4855381                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads           12754651                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes           5274340                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                      758975                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                    483489                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                   275486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             836269.383911                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             73972494.616089                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.988821                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.011179                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                       74807720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   5662179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     8686477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             3868841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681953                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                        72                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       206432                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    3868841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                     5681953                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads           8148965                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          4854774                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads           12721871                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes           5249759                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                      757449                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    481875                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   275574                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             837977.752759                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             73969742.247241                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.988798                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.011202                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                       74808188                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   5648106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     8681182                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             3859393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses              5698378                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                       106                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       201003                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    3859393                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                     5698378                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads           8089776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          4852840                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads           12738347                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes           5262085                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                      752586                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                    479075                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   273511                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             838817.139914                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             73969370.860086                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.988787                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.011213                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                       74808698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   5675960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     8713788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             3896114                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681994                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                        74                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       208235                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    3896114                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                     5681994                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           8208304                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          4894186                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads           12721963                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes           5249797                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                      765304                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                    487731                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   277573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             858836.496130                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             73949861.503870                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.988520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.011480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                       74807414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   5623525                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     8671482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             3841437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses              5731187                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                       134                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       192049                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    3841437                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                     5731187                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads           7987587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          4836757                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads           12771207                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes           5286699                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                      746072                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                    475587                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   270485                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             860697.068397                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             73946716.931603                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.988494                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.011506                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                       74808104                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   5702184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     8741519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             3923845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681989                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                        74                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       214320                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    3923845                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                     5681989                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads           8315508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          4909638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads           12721951                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes           5249792                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                      781453                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                    497817                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   283636                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             861300.255393                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             73946803.744607                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.988487                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.011513                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                       74808518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   5670532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     8713017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             3891194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses              5698414                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                       106                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       205564                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    3891194                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                     5698414                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads           8185034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          4884766                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads           12738427                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes           5262118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                      765995                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                    488057                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   277938                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             862320.333877                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             73946197.666123                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.988473                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.011527                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                       74808438                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   5651786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     8679720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             3862014                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses              5682030                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                        74                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       203426                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    3862014                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                     5682030                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads           8107125                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          4860136                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads           12722043                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes           5249830                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                      750768                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                    478055                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   272713                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             883131.292812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             73925306.707188                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.988195                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.011805                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                       74808054                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   5650973                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     8702157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             3876191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses              5714839                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                       110                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       199250                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    3876191                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                     5714839                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads           8105260                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          4876705                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads           12754903                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes           5274444                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                      758268                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                    483774                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   274494                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             809558.909372                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             73998495.090628                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.989178                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.010822                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                       74807564                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   5659020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                     8688935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses             3871237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses              5682030                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                        72                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts       204736                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                    3871237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                     5682030                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads           8135391                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          4869084                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads           12722043                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes           5249830                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                      755167                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                    480907                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                   274260                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             884456.789945                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             73923107.210055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.988177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.011823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                       74807498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                   5670911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                     8713631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses             3895891                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses              5682071                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                        70                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts       206491                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                    3895891                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                     5682071                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads           8191511                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes          4906449                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads           12722135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes           5249868                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                      761769                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                    486109                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                   275660                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             887324.724354                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             73920173.275646                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.988139                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.011861                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                       74807228                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                   5656590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                     8722372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses             3896334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses              5710784                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                       168                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts       198925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                    3896334                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                     5710784                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads           8122131                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes          4922909                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads           12752947                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes           5272434                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                      751931                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                    480742                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                   271189                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             889441.695370                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             73917786.304630                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.988110                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.011890                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Load               |      351530      6.31%      6.31% |      365810      6.57%     12.88% |      354984      6.38%     19.26% |      346156      6.22%     25.47% |      346218      6.22%     31.69% |      346668      6.23%     37.92% |      341815      6.14%     44.06% |      350472      6.29%     50.35% |      336266      6.04%     56.39% |      362602      6.51%     62.90% |      350794      6.30%     69.20% |      340795      6.12%     75.32% |      344455      6.19%     81.51% |      343654      6.17%     87.68% |      346801      6.23%     93.91% |      339355      6.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Load::total             5568375                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ifetch             |     8010354      6.29%      6.29% |     7997804      6.28%     12.57% |     7969731      6.26%     18.82% |     7949474      6.24%     25.07% |     7944837      6.24%     31.30% |     7949526      6.24%     37.54% |     7938763      6.23%     43.78% |     7969468      6.26%     50.03% |     7917280      6.22%     56.25% |     7997630      6.28%     62.53% |     7965639      6.25%     68.78% |     7940427      6.23%     75.02% |     7947697      6.24%     81.26% |     7949186      6.24%     87.50% |     7966643      6.25%     93.75% |     7960467      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ifetch::total         127374926                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Store              |      419918      6.34%      6.34% |      418269      6.32%     12.66% |      415253      6.27%     18.93% |      410934      6.21%     25.14% |      412757      6.23%     31.38% |      410781      6.20%     37.58% |      410771      6.20%     43.79% |      414832      6.27%     50.05% |      409806      6.19%     56.24% |      418851      6.33%     62.57% |      415201      6.27%     68.84% |      409973      6.19%     75.03% |      413813      6.25%     81.28% |      411513      6.22%     87.50% |      414968      6.27%     93.77% |      412576      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Store::total            6620216                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1_Replacement     |       61133      6.40%      6.40% |       58235      6.09%     12.49% |       59604      6.24%     18.72% |       58521      6.12%     24.84% |       62181      6.50%     31.35% |       57885      6.06%     37.40% |       59789      6.25%     43.66% |       58407      6.11%     49.77% |       63382      6.63%     56.40% |       57775      6.04%     62.44% |       59854      6.26%     68.71% |       58733      6.14%     74.85% |       62321      6.52%     81.37% |       58511      6.12%     87.49% |       58844      6.16%     93.65% |       60739      6.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1_Replacement::total       955914                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Own_GETX           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Own_GETX::total               5                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETX           |         831      3.12%      3.12% |        3770     14.16%     17.28% |        3859     14.49%     31.77% |         717      2.69%     34.46% |         863      3.24%     37.70% |         848      3.18%     40.88% |        1848      6.94%     47.82% |         705      2.65%     50.47% |         891      3.35%     53.82% |        3698     13.89%     67.70% |        4300     16.15%     83.85% |         758      2.85%     86.70% |         883      3.32%     90.01% |         859      3.23%     93.24% |         791      2.97%     96.21% |        1010      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETX::total           26631                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETS           |        1746      6.71%      6.71% |        2174      8.35%     15.06% |        1273      4.89%     19.95% |        1397      5.37%     25.32% |        1033      3.97%     29.28% |        1840      7.07%     36.35% |        2501      9.61%     45.96% |        1115      4.28%     50.24% |        2455      9.43%     59.68% |        3015     11.58%     71.26% |         970      3.73%     74.98% |        1174      4.51%     79.49% |         840      3.23%     82.72% |        1824      7.01%     89.73% |        1907      7.33%     97.05% |         767      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETS::total           26031                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Inv                |         116      5.20%      5.20% |         170      7.62%     12.82% |         330     14.79%     27.61% |         144      6.45%     34.07% |         140      6.28%     40.34% |         137      6.14%     46.48% |         130      5.83%     52.31% |         133      5.96%     58.27% |          80      3.59%     61.86% |         159      7.13%     68.98% |         152      6.81%     75.80% |         116      5.20%     81.00% |          94      4.21%     85.21% |         127      5.69%     90.90% |         124      5.56%     96.46% |          79      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Inv::total                 2231                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ack                |         893      3.20%      3.20% |        4168     14.92%     18.11% |        4007     14.34%     32.46% |         784      2.81%     35.26% |        1156      4.14%     39.40% |        1058      3.79%     43.19% |         879      3.15%     46.33% |         813      2.91%     49.24% |        1484      5.31%     54.55% |        3695     13.22%     67.78% |        4179     14.96%     82.73% |         872      3.12%     85.86% |        1215      4.35%     90.20% |         928      3.32%     93.53% |         844      3.02%     96.55% |         965      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ack::total                27940                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Data               |        1078      8.70%      8.70% |         295      2.38%     11.09% |         776      6.27%     17.35% |         353      2.85%     20.20% |        1103      8.91%     29.11% |         329      2.66%     31.77% |         719      5.81%     37.57% |         858      6.93%     44.50% |        1271     10.26%     54.76% |         360      2.91%     57.67% |         845      6.82%     64.49% |         579      4.68%     69.17% |        1129      9.12%     78.29% |         578      4.67%     82.95% |         837      6.76%     89.71% |        1274     10.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Data::total               12384                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Exclusive_Data     |       61473      6.36%      6.36% |       60123      6.22%     12.58% |       61120      6.32%     18.90% |       59371      6.14%     25.04% |       62174      6.43%     31.48% |       58781      6.08%     37.56% |       60460      6.25%     43.81% |       58742      6.08%     49.89% |       63350      6.55%     56.44% |       59517      6.16%     62.60% |       61096      6.32%     68.92% |       59348      6.14%     75.06% |       62226      6.44%     81.49% |       59162      6.12%     87.61% |       59212      6.13%     93.74% |       60511      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Exclusive_Data::total       966666                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack      |         875     11.42%     11.42% |          18      0.23%     11.65% |         296      3.86%     15.52% |          42      0.55%     16.07% |         788     10.28%     26.35% |          33      0.43%     26.78% |         408      5.32%     32.11% |         558      7.28%     39.39% |        1037     13.53%     52.92% |          40      0.52%     53.45% |         513      6.70%     60.14% |         297      3.88%     64.02% |         870     11.35%     75.37% |         295      3.85%     79.22% |         553      7.22%     86.44% |        1039     13.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack::total         7662                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack_Data |       59170      6.41%      6.41% |       55285      5.99%     12.40% |       56102      6.08%     18.48% |       57555      6.23%     24.71% |       60178      6.52%     31.23% |       56861      6.16%     37.39% |       58129      6.30%     43.69% |       56966      6.17%     49.86% |       61185      6.63%     56.48% |       54806      5.94%     62.42% |       55718      6.04%     68.46% |       57523      6.23%     74.69% |       60343      6.54%     81.22% |       57232      6.20%     87.42% |       57454      6.22%     93.65% |       58644      6.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       923151                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.All_acks           |       40581      6.31%      6.31% |       40800      6.34%     12.65% |       41085      6.39%     19.04% |       39875      6.20%     25.24% |       41114      6.39%     31.63% |       39259      6.10%     37.74% |       39855      6.20%     43.93% |       39233      6.10%     50.03% |       41133      6.40%     56.43% |       39980      6.22%     62.65% |       40921      6.36%     69.01% |       39612      6.16%     75.17% |       40717      6.33%     81.50% |       39492      6.14%     87.64% |       39488      6.14%     93.78% |       40019      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.All_acks::total          643164                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Use_Timeout        |       61472      6.36%      6.36% |       60123      6.22%     12.58% |       61120      6.32%     18.90% |       59371      6.14%     25.04% |       62174      6.43%     31.48% |       58781      6.08%     37.56% |       60460      6.25%     43.81% |       58742      6.08%     49.89% |       63350      6.55%     56.44% |       59518      6.16%     62.60% |       61097      6.32%     68.92% |       59349      6.14%     75.06% |       62227      6.44%     81.49% |       59162      6.12%     87.61% |       59212      6.13%     93.74% |       60512      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Use_Timeout::total       966670                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Load             |       21274      6.39%      6.39% |       19466      5.85%     12.24% |       20652      6.20%     18.44% |       19695      5.92%     24.36% |       22005      6.61%     30.97% |       19712      5.92%     36.89% |       21161      6.36%     43.24% |       20218      6.07%     49.32% |       23340      7.01%     56.33% |       19750      5.93%     62.26% |       20859      6.27%     68.52% |       20166      6.06%     74.58% |       22487      6.75%     81.34% |       20109      6.04%     87.38% |       20415      6.13%     93.51% |       21612      6.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Load::total            332921                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Ifetch           |         696     23.43%     23.43% |         152      5.12%     28.55% |         159      5.35%     33.91% |         154      5.19%     39.09% |         158      5.32%     44.41% |         139      4.68%     49.09% |         163      5.49%     54.58% |         149      5.02%     59.60% |         148      4.98%     64.58% |         148      4.98%     69.56% |         162      5.45%     75.02% |         150      5.05%     80.07% |         152      5.12%     85.19% |         139      4.68%     89.87% |         146      4.92%     94.78% |         155      5.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Ifetch::total            2970                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Store            |       40562      6.31%      6.31% |       40788      6.34%     12.65% |       41071      6.39%     19.04% |       39860      6.20%     25.24% |       41100      6.39%     31.63% |       39240      6.10%     37.74% |       39840      6.20%     43.94% |       39218      6.10%     50.04% |       41116      6.40%     56.43% |       39966      6.22%     62.65% |       40902      6.36%     69.01% |       39595      6.16%     75.17% |       40696      6.33%     81.50% |       39477      6.14%     87.64% |       39473      6.14%     93.78% |       40000      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Store::total           642904                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.L1_Replacement   |        1088      4.33%      4.33% |        2932     11.68%     16.02% |        3206     12.77%     28.79% |         924      3.68%     32.47% |        1215      4.84%     37.31% |         991      3.95%     41.26% |        1252      4.99%     46.25% |         883      3.52%     49.76% |        1160      4.62%     54.38% |        2929     11.67%     66.05% |        3623     14.43%     80.49% |         913      3.64%     84.12% |        1108      4.41%     88.54% |         984      3.92%     92.46% |         837      3.33%     95.79% |        1056      4.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.L1_Replacement::total        25101                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Load             |       71448      6.72%      6.72% |       33663      3.17%      9.89% |       71810      6.76%     16.64% |       67980      6.39%     23.04% |       67778      6.38%     29.41% |       70047      6.59%     36.00% |       66899      6.29%     42.30% |       73246      6.89%     49.19% |       61699      5.80%     54.99% |       75737      7.12%     62.11% |       70560      6.64%     68.75% |       68041      6.40%     75.15% |       68525      6.45%     81.60% |       60183      5.66%     87.26% |       73351      6.90%     94.16% |       62097      5.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Load::total           1063064                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Ifetch           |     7943914      6.67%      6.67% |     1769023      1.48%      8.15% |     7968192      6.69%     14.84% |     7949275      6.67%     21.51% |     7944679      6.67%     28.18% |     7949387      6.67%     34.85% |     7938600      6.66%     41.51% |     7969319      6.69%     48.20% |     7158865      6.01%     54.21% |     7997482      6.71%     60.92% |     7965477      6.69%     67.61% |     7940263      6.66%     74.27% |     7910410      6.64%     80.91% |     7940834      6.66%     87.58% |     7958242      6.68%     94.26% |     6841204      5.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Ifetch::total       119145166                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Store            |          19      7.48%      7.48% |          12      4.72%     12.20% |          14      5.51%     17.72% |          15      5.91%     23.62% |          14      5.51%     29.13% |          18      7.09%     36.22% |          15      5.91%     42.13% |          15      5.91%     48.03% |          17      6.69%     54.72% |          13      5.12%     59.84% |          18      7.09%     66.93% |          16      6.30%     73.23% |          20      7.87%     81.10% |          15      5.91%     87.01% |          15      5.91%     92.91% |          18      7.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Store::total              254                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.L1_Replacement   |         875     11.42%     11.42% |          18      0.23%     11.65% |         296      3.86%     15.52% |          42      0.55%     16.07% |         788     10.28%     26.35% |          33      0.43%     26.78% |         408      5.32%     32.11% |         558      7.28%     39.39% |        1037     13.53%     52.92% |          40      0.52%     53.45% |         513      6.70%     60.14% |         297      3.88%     64.02% |         870     11.35%     75.37% |         295      3.85%     79.22% |         553      7.22%     86.44% |        1039     13.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.L1_Replacement::total         7662                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Fwd_GETS         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Fwd_GETS::total             1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Inv              |         114      5.17%      5.17% |         168      7.62%     12.78% |         326     14.78%     27.56% |         142      6.44%     34.00% |         140      6.35%     40.34% |         136      6.17%     46.51% |         130      5.89%     52.40% |         133      6.03%     58.43% |          80      3.63%     62.06% |         158      7.16%     69.22% |         149      6.75%     75.97% |         115      5.21%     81.19% |          89      4.03%     85.22% |         127      5.76%     90.98% |         123      5.58%     96.55% |          76      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Inv::total               2206                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Load             |         411      0.50%      0.50% |       43415     52.90%     53.40% |        3802      4.63%     58.03% |        2303      2.81%     60.84% |        1654      2.02%     62.85% |         614      0.75%     63.60% |        2366      2.88%     66.48% |        2800      3.41%     69.89% |         536      0.65%     70.55% |        2200      2.68%     73.23% |        3503      4.27%     77.49% |        1840      2.24%     79.74% |         727      0.89%     80.62% |       11083     13.50%     94.12% |        3875      4.72%     98.85% |         947      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Load::total             82076                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Ifetch           |        1126      0.01%      0.01% |     6219475     76.92%     76.94% |          30      0.00%     76.94% |          22      0.00%     76.94% |           0      0.00%     76.94% |           0      0.00%     76.94% |           0      0.00%     76.94% |           0      0.00%     76.94% |      758115      9.38%     86.31% |           0      0.00%     86.31% |           0      0.00%     86.31% |           7      0.00%     86.31% |       37101      0.46%     86.77% |        8210      0.10%     86.87% |        8236      0.10%     86.97% |     1053158     13.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Ifetch::total         8085480                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Store            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Store::total                6                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.L1_Replacement   |          29      0.87%      0.87% |         277      8.27%      9.14% |           8      0.24%      9.38% |         486     14.51%     23.89% |           4      0.12%     24.01% |         362     10.81%     34.82% |         255      7.61%     42.43% |         258      7.70%     50.13% |          71      2.12%     52.25% |         469     14.00%     66.26% |           0      0.00%     66.26% |         307      9.17%     75.43% |           1      0.03%     75.46% |         302      9.02%     84.47% |         518     15.47%     99.94% |           2      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.L1_Replacement::total         3349                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETX         |          11      2.41%      2.41% |          35      7.66%     10.07% |          30      6.56%     16.63% |          18      3.94%     20.57% |          24      5.25%     25.82% |          26      5.69%     31.51% |          28      6.13%     37.64% |          17      3.72%     41.36% |         128     28.01%     69.37% |          30      6.56%     75.93% |          18      3.94%     79.87% |          15      3.28%     83.15% |          14      3.06%     86.21% |          22      4.81%     91.03% |          19      4.16%     95.19% |          22      4.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETX::total           457                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETS         |         945     11.62%     11.62% |        1044     12.83%     24.45% |         323      3.97%     28.42% |         145      1.78%     30.20% |         147      1.81%     32.01% |         690      8.48%     40.49% |         572      7.03%     47.52% |         127      1.56%     49.08% |         359      4.41%     53.50% |        1751     21.52%     75.02% |         118      1.45%     76.47% |         132      1.62%     78.09% |         114      1.40%     79.50% |         746      9.17%     88.67% |         714      8.78%     97.44% |         208      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETS::total          8135                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Load             |      125101      6.39%      6.39% |      116437      5.95%     12.34% |      122096      6.24%     18.57% |      118334      6.04%     24.62% |      128325      6.55%     31.17% |      118254      6.04%     37.22% |      122758      6.27%     43.49% |      117959      6.03%     49.51% |      134805      6.89%     56.40% |      118403      6.05%     62.45% |      123350      6.30%     68.75% |      119477      6.10%     74.85% |      129721      6.63%     81.48% |      119570      6.11%     87.58% |      118714      6.06%     93.65% |      124362      6.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Load::total           1957666                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Ifetch           |       61288     44.63%     44.63% |        8825      6.43%     51.06% |        1252      0.91%     51.97% |           9      0.01%     51.97% |           0      0.00%     51.97% |           0      0.00%     51.97% |           0      0.00%     51.97% |           0      0.00%     51.97% |          82      0.06%     52.03% |           0      0.00%     52.03% |           0      0.00%     52.03% |           0      0.00%     52.03% |           4      0.00%     52.04% |           0      0.00%     52.04% |           4      0.00%     52.04% |       65862     47.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Ifetch::total          137326                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Store            |         394      6.75%      6.75% |         279      4.78%     11.53% |         270      4.62%     16.15% |         415      7.11%     23.26% |         359      6.15%     29.41% |         380      6.51%     35.91% |         397      6.80%     42.71% |         447      7.66%     50.37% |         407      6.97%     57.34% |         248      4.25%     61.59% |         247      4.23%     65.82% |         360      6.17%     71.98% |         443      7.59%     79.57% |         396      6.78%     86.35% |         376      6.44%     92.79% |         421      7.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Store::total             5839                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.L1_Replacement   |       17639      6.43%      6.43% |       16218      5.91%     12.35% |       17057      6.22%     18.57% |       16269      5.93%     24.50% |       18316      6.68%     31.18% |       16369      5.97%     37.15% |       17240      6.29%     43.44% |       16425      5.99%     49.43% |       19359      7.06%     56.49% |       16292      5.94%     62.43% |       17220      6.28%     68.71% |       16638      6.07%     74.78% |       18554      6.77%     81.54% |       16661      6.08%     87.62% |       16432      5.99%     93.61% |       17522      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.L1_Replacement::total       274211                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETX         |           3      0.22%      0.22% |           6      0.44%      0.66% |         198     14.48%     15.14% |           5      0.37%     15.51% |         134      9.80%     25.31% |           5      0.37%     25.68% |         351     25.68%     51.35% |           5      0.37%     51.72% |           1      0.07%     51.79% |           6      0.44%     52.23% |         264     19.31%     71.54% |           5      0.37%     71.91% |         112      8.19%     80.10% |           6      0.44%     80.54% |           4      0.29%     80.83% |         262     19.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETX::total          1367                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETS         |          86      2.16%      2.16% |         364      9.15%     11.32% |          60      1.51%     12.83% |         507     12.75%     25.58% |          28      0.70%     26.28% |         389      9.78%     36.07% |         283      7.12%     43.18% |         275      6.92%     50.10% |         213      5.36%     55.46% |         502     12.63%     68.08% |          19      0.48%     68.56% |         325      8.17%     76.74% |          21      0.53%     77.26% |         325      8.17%     85.44% |         540     13.58%     99.02% |          39      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETS::total          3976                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Load           |        1106      6.56%      6.56% |         336      1.99%      8.56% |         957      5.68%     14.23% |         317      1.88%     16.11% |        2022     12.00%     28.11% |         319      1.89%     30.00% |        1786     10.60%     40.60% |         257      1.52%     42.12% |        3085     18.30%     60.43% |         349      2.07%     62.50% |        1165      6.91%     69.41% |         514      3.05%     72.46% |        2234     13.25%     85.71% |         530      3.14%     88.86% |         530      3.14%     92.00% |        1348      8.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Load::total           16855                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Ifetch         |        3330     83.58%     83.58% |         329      8.26%     91.84% |          98      2.46%     94.30% |          14      0.35%     94.65% |           0      0.00%     94.65% |           0      0.00%     94.65% |           0      0.00%     94.65% |           0      0.00%     94.65% |          70      1.76%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |           7      0.18%     96.59% |          30      0.75%     97.34% |           3      0.08%     97.41% |          15      0.38%     97.79% |          88      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Ifetch::total          3984                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Store          |        2239      6.29%      6.29% |        2324      6.53%     12.82% |        2326      6.54%     19.36% |        2171      6.10%     25.46% |        2093      5.88%     31.34% |        2239      6.29%     37.64% |        2202      6.19%     43.82% |        2221      6.24%     50.07% |        2104      5.91%     55.98% |        2356      6.62%     62.60% |        2294      6.45%     69.05% |        2271      6.38%     75.43% |        2238      6.29%     81.72% |        2145      6.03%     87.75% |        2240      6.30%     94.04% |        2120      5.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Store::total          35583                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETX       |           4      0.52%      0.52% |           0      0.00%      0.52% |           7      0.92%      1.44% |           0      0.00%      1.44% |          13      1.70%      3.14% |           3      0.39%      3.53% |         694     90.84%     94.37% |           0      0.00%     94.37% |           0      0.00%     94.37% |           6      0.79%     95.16% |          23      3.01%     98.17% |           0      0.00%     98.17% |           4      0.52%     98.69% |           4      0.52%     99.21% |           3      0.39%     99.61% |           3      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total          764                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETS       |          47      2.19%      2.19% |         139      6.48%      8.67% |         119      5.55%     14.21% |          68      3.17%     17.38% |         100      4.66%     22.04% |          99      4.61%     26.65% |         883     41.15%     67.80% |          59      2.75%     70.55% |          96      4.47%     75.02% |         120      5.59%     80.62% |          61      2.84%     83.46% |          64      2.98%     86.44% |          64      2.98%     89.42% |          85      3.96%     93.38% |          84      3.91%     97.30% |          58      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total         2146                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Use_Timeout    |       18652      6.48%      6.48% |       16999      5.90%     12.38% |       17709      6.15%     18.53% |       17325      6.02%     24.55% |       18967      6.59%     31.14% |       17283      6.00%     37.14% |       18403      6.39%     43.53% |       17288      6.00%     49.54% |       20113      6.99%     56.52% |       17182      5.97%     62.49% |       17882      6.21%     68.70% |       17466      6.07%     74.77% |       19272      6.69%     81.46% |       17525      6.09%     87.55% |       17484      6.07%     93.62% |       18373      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       287923                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Load            |      131883      6.25%      6.25% |      152203      7.21%     13.46% |      135372      6.41%     19.87% |      137232      6.50%     26.37% |      124139      5.88%     32.25% |      137422      6.51%     38.76% |      126551      5.99%     44.76% |      135701      6.43%     51.18% |      112506      5.33%     56.51% |      145876      6.91%     63.42% |      131056      6.21%     69.63% |      130462      6.18%     75.81% |      120449      5.71%     81.52% |      131886      6.25%     87.76% |      129622      6.14%     93.90% |      128686      6.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Load::total          2111046                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Store           |      372169      6.34%      6.34% |      371147      6.32%     12.67% |      367287      6.26%     18.92% |      364710      6.21%     25.14% |      364503      6.21%     31.35% |      365128      6.22%     37.57% |      364262      6.21%     43.78% |      369177      6.29%     50.07% |      360590      6.14%     56.21% |      372503      6.35%     62.56% |      367478      6.26%     68.82% |      363900      6.20%     75.02% |      365569      6.23%     81.25% |      365786      6.23%     87.48% |      369065      6.29%     93.77% |      365773      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Store::total         5869047                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.L1_Replacement  |       41502      6.43%      6.43% |       38790      6.01%     12.44% |       39037      6.05%     18.48% |       40800      6.32%     24.80% |       41858      6.48%     31.29% |       40130      6.22%     37.50% |       40634      6.29%     43.80% |       40283      6.24%     50.04% |       41755      6.47%     56.50% |       38045      5.89%     62.40% |       38498      5.96%     68.36% |       40578      6.29%     74.65% |       41788      6.47%     81.12% |       40269      6.24%     87.36% |       40504      6.27%     93.63% |       41120      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.L1_Replacement::total       645591                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETX        |         796      3.33%      3.33% |        3686     15.44%     18.77% |        3595     15.06%     33.83% |         694      2.91%     36.74% |         689      2.89%     39.63% |         813      3.41%     43.03% |         775      3.25%     46.28% |         679      2.84%     49.12% |         762      3.19%     52.31% |        3643     15.26%     67.57% |        3962     16.60%     84.17% |         734      3.07%     87.25% |         747      3.13%     90.37% |         824      3.45%     93.83% |         758      3.18%     97.00% |         716      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETX::total        23873                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETS        |         562      6.05%      6.05% |         556      5.99%     12.04% |         677      7.29%     19.33% |         588      6.33%     25.66% |         643      6.92%     32.58% |         570      6.14%     38.72% |         675      7.27%     45.99% |         571      6.15%     52.14% |         755      8.13%     60.27% |         570      6.14%     66.40% |         663      7.14%     73.54% |         561      6.04%     79.58% |         499      5.37%     84.96% |         572      6.16%     91.12% |         479      5.16%     96.27% |         346      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         9287                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Load          |         307      6.47%      6.47% |         290      6.11%     12.58% |         295      6.21%     18.79% |         295      6.21%     25.01% |         295      6.21%     31.22% |         300      6.32%     37.54% |         294      6.19%     43.73% |         291      6.13%     49.86% |         295      6.21%     56.08% |         287      6.05%     62.12% |         301      6.34%     68.46% |         295      6.21%     74.68% |         312      6.57%     81.25% |         293      6.17%     87.42% |         294      6.19%     93.62% |         303      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Load::total           4747                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Store         |        4535      6.81%      6.81% |        3719      5.59%     12.40% |        4285      6.44%     18.83% |        3763      5.65%     24.48% |        4688      7.04%     31.52% |        3775      5.67%     37.19% |        4055      6.09%     43.28% |        3754      5.64%     48.92% |        5572      8.37%     57.29% |        3764      5.65%     62.94% |        4261      6.40%     69.34% |        3830      5.75%     75.10% |        4846      7.28%     82.37% |        3694      5.55%     87.92% |        3799      5.71%     93.63% |        4243      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Store::total         66583                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETX      |          17     10.43%     10.43% |          42     25.77%     36.20% |          27     16.56%     52.76% |           0      0.00%     52.76% |           3      1.84%     54.60% |           0      0.00%     54.60% |           0      0.00%     54.60% |           4      2.45%     57.06% |           0      0.00%     57.06% |          13      7.98%     65.03% |          32     19.63%     84.66% |           3      1.84%     86.50% |           6      3.68%     90.18% |           3      1.84%     92.02% |           6      3.68%     95.71% |           7      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total          163                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETS      |         106      4.28%      4.28% |          70      2.83%      7.11% |          94      3.80%     10.91% |          89      3.60%     14.51% |         115      4.65%     19.16% |          90      3.64%     22.80% |          88      3.56%     26.35% |          83      3.35%     29.71% |        1032     41.71%     71.42% |          72      2.91%     74.33% |         101      4.08%     78.42% |          92      3.72%     82.13% |         142      5.74%     87.87% |          96      3.88%     91.75% |          90      3.64%     95.39% |         114      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         2474                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Use_Timeout   |       42820      6.31%      6.31% |       43124      6.35%     12.66% |       43411      6.40%     19.06% |       42046      6.19%     25.25% |       43207      6.37%     31.62% |       41498      6.11%     37.73% |       42057      6.20%     43.93% |       41454      6.11%     50.04% |       43237      6.37%     56.41% |       42336      6.24%     62.64% |       43215      6.37%     69.01% |       41883      6.17%     75.18% |       42955      6.33%     81.51% |       41637      6.13%     87.64% |       41728      6.15%     93.79% |       42139      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       678747                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Ack             |         762      2.92%      2.92% |        4088     15.68%     18.61% |        3951     15.16%     33.77% |         707      2.71%     36.48% |         983      3.77%     40.25% |         953      3.66%     43.91% |         766      2.94%     46.84% |         692      2.65%     49.50% |        1331      5.11%     54.61% |        3633     13.94%     68.54% |        4076     15.64%     84.18% |         743      2.85%     87.03% |        1074      4.12%     91.15% |         811      3.11%     94.26% |         712      2.73%     97.00% |         783      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Ack::total             26065                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Exclusive_Data  |       40564      6.31%      6.31% |       40790      6.34%     12.65% |       41075      6.39%     19.04% |       39862      6.20%     25.24% |       41100      6.39%     31.64% |       39242      6.10%     37.74% |       39840      6.20%     43.94% |       39218      6.10%     50.04% |       41116      6.40%     56.43% |       39967      6.22%     62.65% |       40905      6.36%     69.01% |       39596      6.16%     75.17% |       40701      6.33%     81.50% |       39477      6.14%     87.64% |       39474      6.14%     93.78% |       40003      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       642930                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Inv             |           2      8.00%      8.00% |           2      8.00%     16.00% |           4     16.00%     32.00% |           2      8.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1      4.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           3     12.00%     60.00% |           1      4.00%     64.00% |           5     20.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           1      4.00%     88.00% |           3     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Inv::total                25                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Ack             |         131      7.41%      7.41% |          74      4.18%     11.59% |          56      3.17%     14.75% |          77      4.35%     19.11% |         107      6.05%     25.16% |         105      5.94%     31.09% |         108      6.11%     37.20% |         121      6.84%     44.04% |         152      8.59%     52.63% |          60      3.39%     56.02% |          88      4.97%     60.99% |         125      7.07%     68.06% |         139      7.86%     75.92% |         117      6.61%     82.53% |         129      7.29%     89.82% |         180     10.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Ack::total              1769                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Exclusive_Data  |          17      7.42%      7.42% |          10      4.37%     11.79% |          10      4.37%     16.16% |          13      5.68%     21.83% |          14      6.11%     27.95% |          17      7.42%     35.37% |          15      6.55%     41.92% |          15      6.55%     48.47% |          17      7.42%     55.90% |          12      5.24%     61.14% |          15      6.55%     67.69% |          15      6.55%     74.24% |          15      6.55%     80.79% |          15      6.55%     87.34% |          14      6.11%     93.45% |          15      6.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Exclusive_Data::total          229                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Own_GETX        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Own_GETX::total            5                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETX        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           8     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETS::total           10                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Ack             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6      5.66%      5.66% |           0      0.00%      5.66% |           0      0.00%      5.66% |          66     62.26%     67.92% |           0      0.00%     67.92% |           5      4.72%     72.64% |           0      0.00%     72.64% |           1      0.94%     73.58% |           2      1.89%     75.47% |          15     14.15%     89.62% |           4      3.77%     93.40% |           2      1.89%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           3      2.83%     98.11% |           2      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Ack::total               106                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.All_acks        |       40581      6.31%      6.31% |       40800      6.34%     12.65% |       41085      6.39%     19.04% |       39875      6.20%     25.24% |       41114      6.39%     31.63% |       39259      6.10%     37.74% |       39855      6.20%     43.93% |       39233      6.10%     50.03% |       41133      6.40%     56.43% |       39980      6.22%     62.65% |       40921      6.36%     69.01% |       39612      6.16%     75.17% |       40717      6.33%     81.50% |       39492      6.14%     87.64% |       39488      6.14%     93.78% |       40019      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.All_acks::total       643164                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Data            |        1078      8.70%      8.70% |         295      2.38%     11.09% |         776      6.27%     17.35% |         353      2.85%     20.20% |        1103      8.91%     29.11% |         329      2.66%     31.77% |         719      5.81%     37.57% |         858      6.93%     44.50% |        1271     10.26%     54.76% |         360      2.91%     57.67% |         845      6.82%     64.49% |         579      4.68%     69.17% |        1129      9.12%     78.29% |         578      4.67%     82.95% |         837      6.76%     89.71% |        1274     10.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Data::total            12384                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Data  |       20892      6.46%      6.46% |       19323      5.97%     12.43% |       20035      6.19%     18.62% |       19496      6.03%     24.65% |       21060      6.51%     31.16% |       19522      6.03%     37.19% |       20605      6.37%     43.56% |       19509      6.03%     49.59% |       22217      6.87%     56.46% |       19538      6.04%     62.50% |       20176      6.24%     68.74% |       19737      6.10%     74.84% |       21510      6.65%     81.49% |       19670      6.08%     87.57% |       19724      6.10%     93.67% |       20493      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       323507                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack   |         875     11.42%     11.42% |          18      0.23%     11.65% |         296      3.86%     15.52% |          42      0.55%     16.07% |         788     10.28%     26.35% |          33      0.43%     26.78% |         408      5.32%     32.11% |         558      7.28%     39.39% |        1037     13.53%     52.92% |          40      0.52%     53.45% |         513      6.70%     60.14% |         297      3.88%     64.02% |         870     11.35%     75.37% |         295      3.85%     79.22% |         553      7.22%     86.44% |        1039     13.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack::total         7662                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          29      0.87%      0.87% |         277      8.27%      9.13% |           8      0.24%      9.37% |         486     14.50%     23.87% |           4      0.12%     23.99% |         362     10.80%     34.80% |         255      7.61%     42.41% |         258      7.70%     50.10% |          71      2.12%     52.22% |         469     14.00%     66.22% |           0      0.00%     66.22% |         307      9.16%     75.38% |           1      0.03%     75.41% |         302      9.01%     84.42% |         518     15.46%     99.88% |           4      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         3351                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETX        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       59141      6.43%      6.43% |       55007      5.98%     12.41% |       56092      6.10%     18.51% |       57069      6.20%     24.71% |       60174      6.54%     31.26% |       56499      6.14%     37.40% |       57874      6.29%     43.69% |       56708      6.17%     49.86% |       61114      6.64%     56.50% |       54337      5.91%     62.41% |       55717      6.06%     68.46% |       57215      6.22%     74.68% |       60342      6.56%     81.25% |       56930      6.19%     87.43% |       56935      6.19%     93.62% |       58640      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       919794                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETS            |       21191      5.26%      5.26% |       82464     20.46%     25.71% |       26828      6.65%     32.37% |       21032      5.22%     37.58% |       21061      5.22%     42.81% |       20856      5.17%     47.98% |       20929      5.19%     53.17% |       20959      5.20%     58.37% |       21062      5.22%     63.60% |       20983      5.20%     68.80% |       20872      5.18%     73.98% |       20804      5.16%     79.14% |       21012      5.21%     84.35% |       21057      5.22%     89.58% |       20910      5.19%     94.76% |       21113      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETS::total           403133                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETX            |       40820      6.32%      6.32% |       43090      6.67%     12.98% |       39952      6.18%     19.16% |       39401      6.10%     25.26% |       39973      6.18%     31.45% |       39621      6.13%     37.58% |       39542      6.12%     43.69% |       39733      6.15%     49.84% |       39824      6.16%     56.00% |       40532      6.27%     62.27% |       40595      6.28%     68.55% |       40447      6.26%     74.81% |       40471      6.26%     81.07% |       40860      6.32%     87.40% |       40859      6.32%     93.72% |       40598      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETX::total           646318                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTO            |         214      6.37%      6.37% |         223      6.63%     13.00% |         209      6.22%     19.21% |         214      6.37%     25.58% |         212      6.31%     31.89% |         208      6.19%     38.07% |         207      6.16%     44.23% |         208      6.19%     50.42% |         208      6.19%     56.60% |         199      5.92%     62.52% |         206      6.13%     68.65% |         207      6.16%     74.81% |         207      6.16%     80.96% |         210      6.25%     87.21% |         216      6.42%     93.63% |         214      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTO::total             3362                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTX            |       58081      6.31%      6.31% |       57107      6.21%     12.52% |       57083      6.21%     18.73% |       56725      6.17%     24.90% |       57314      6.23%     31.13% |       56820      6.18%     37.30% |       56931      6.19%     43.49% |       57190      6.22%     49.71% |       57217      6.22%     55.93% |       57863      6.29%     62.22% |       57958      6.30%     68.52% |       57642      6.27%     74.79% |       57932      6.30%     81.09% |       58117      6.32%     87.41% |       58067      6.31%     93.72% |       57774      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTX::total           919821                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS_only       |         209      6.39%      6.39% |         213      6.52%     12.91% |         203      6.21%     19.12% |         207      6.33%     25.45% |         209      6.39%     31.84% |         199      6.09%     37.93% |         203      6.21%     44.14% |         204      6.24%     50.38% |         203      6.21%     56.59% |         195      5.97%     62.56% |         201      6.15%     68.71% |         202      6.18%     74.89% |         200      6.12%     81.00% |         204      6.24%     87.24% |         211      6.45%     93.70% |         206      6.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS_only::total         3269                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS            |         253      5.66%      5.66% |         335      7.49%     13.15% |         263      5.88%     19.04% |         400      8.95%     27.99% |         306      6.85%     34.83% |         257      5.75%     40.58% |         270      6.04%     46.62% |         255      5.70%     52.33% |         295      6.60%     58.93% |         238      5.32%     64.25% |         255      5.70%     69.96% |         249      5.57%     75.53% |         254      5.68%     81.21% |         251      5.62%     86.82% |         247      5.53%     92.35% |         342      7.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS::total             4470                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.All_Acks           |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.All_Acks::total          218529                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data               |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data::total              218529                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data_Exclusive     |        7182      6.16%      6.16% |        7313      6.28%     12.44% |        7235      6.21%     18.65% |        7237      6.21%     24.86% |        7265      6.24%     31.10% |        7305      6.27%     37.37% |        7264      6.23%     43.60% |        7219      6.20%     49.80% |        7241      6.22%     56.01% |        7252      6.22%     62.24% |        7350      6.31%     68.55% |        7364      6.32%     74.87% |        7380      6.33%     81.20% |        7330      6.29%     87.49% |        7262      6.23%     93.73% |        7309      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data_Exclusive::total       116508                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBCLEANDATA     |        7719      6.20%      6.20% |        7857      6.31%     12.50% |        7742      6.21%     18.72% |        7761      6.23%     24.95% |        7767      6.24%     31.18% |        7812      6.27%     37.46% |        7787      6.25%     43.71% |        7712      6.19%     49.90% |        7728      6.20%     56.10% |        7743      6.22%     62.32% |        7821      6.28%     68.60% |        7811      6.27%     74.87% |        7949      6.38%     81.25% |        7847      6.30%     87.55% |        7720      6.20%     93.74% |        7794      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total       124570                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     |       50574      6.33%      6.33% |       49472      6.20%     12.53% |       49549      6.20%     18.73% |       49172      6.16%     24.89% |       49759      6.23%     31.12% |       49215      6.16%     37.28% |       49347      6.18%     43.46% |       49686      6.22%     49.69% |       49697      6.22%     55.91% |       50318      6.30%     62.21% |       50339      6.30%     68.51% |       50032      6.27%     74.78% |       50189      6.28%     81.06% |       50480      6.32%     87.38% |       50560      6.33%     93.72% |       50186      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total       798575                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack      |       16412      6.23%      6.23% |       16510      6.27%     12.50% |       16387      6.22%     18.72% |       16353      6.21%     24.93% |       16387      6.22%     31.15% |       16410      6.23%     37.38% |       16353      6.21%     43.58% |       16342      6.20%     49.79% |       16352      6.21%     55.99% |       16500      6.26%     62.26% |       16606      6.30%     68.56% |       16562      6.29%     74.85% |       16626      6.31%     81.16% |       16611      6.31%     87.47% |       16506      6.27%     93.73% |       16511      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack::total       263428                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Unblock            |        1117      5.57%      5.57% |        3214     16.03%     21.60% |        1381      6.89%     28.49% |        1351      6.74%     35.22% |        1162      5.79%     41.02% |        1093      5.45%     46.47% |        1099      5.48%     51.95% |        1063      5.30%     57.25% |        1110      5.54%     62.79% |        1019      5.08%     67.87% |        1027      5.12%     72.99% |        1030      5.14%     78.13% |        1044      5.21%     83.33% |        1051      5.24%     88.57% |        1038      5.18%     93.75% |        1253      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Unblock::total            20052                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock  |       61112      6.32%      6.32% |       60585      6.27%     12.59% |       59966      6.20%     18.79% |       59521      6.16%     24.95% |       60145      6.22%     31.17% |       59725      6.18%     37.35% |       59741      6.18%     43.53% |       59958      6.20%     49.73% |       60049      6.21%     55.94% |       60811      6.29%     62.24% |       60843      6.29%     68.53% |       60614      6.27%     74.80% |       60756      6.29%     81.09% |       61108      6.32%     87.41% |       61008      6.31%     93.72% |       60729      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock::total       966671                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2_Replacement     |       16412      6.23%      6.23% |       16510      6.27%     12.50% |       16387      6.22%     18.72% |       16353      6.21%     24.93% |       16387      6.22%     31.15% |       16410      6.23%     37.38% |       16353      6.21%     43.58% |       16342      6.20%     49.79% |       16352      6.21%     55.99% |       16500      6.26%     62.26% |       16606      6.30%     68.56% |       16562      6.29%     74.85% |       16626      6.31%     81.16% |       16611      6.31%     87.47% |       16506      6.27%     93.73% |       16511      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2_Replacement::total       263428                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETS         |        7182      6.16%      6.16% |        7313      6.28%     12.44% |        7235      6.21%     18.65% |        7237      6.21%     24.86% |        7265      6.24%     31.10% |        7305      6.27%     37.37% |        7264      6.23%     43.60% |        7219      6.20%     49.80% |        7241      6.22%     56.01% |        7252      6.22%     62.24% |        7350      6.31%     68.55% |        7364      6.32%     74.87% |        7380      6.33%     81.20% |        7330      6.29%     87.49% |        7262      6.23%     93.73% |        7309      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETS::total        116508                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETX         |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETX::total        218529                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_GETS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_GETS::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETS        |         869      6.55%      6.55% |        1403     10.58%     17.13% |         907      6.84%     23.97% |         777      5.86%     29.82% |         783      5.90%     35.73% |         815      6.14%     41.87% |         781      5.89%     47.76% |         794      5.99%     53.74% |         774      5.83%     59.58% |         748      5.64%     65.22% |         764      5.76%     70.98% |         771      5.81%     76.79% |         752      5.67%     82.46% |         763      5.75%     88.21% |         772      5.82%     94.03% |         792      5.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETS::total        13265                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETX        |        1657      6.56%      6.56% |        1565      6.20%     12.76% |        1447      5.73%     18.49% |        1506      5.97%     24.46% |        1521      6.02%     30.48% |        1563      6.19%     36.68% |        1504      5.96%     42.63% |        1447      5.73%     48.36% |        1541      6.10%     54.47% |        1682      6.66%     61.13% |        1600      6.34%     67.47% |        1680      6.65%     74.12% |        1544      6.12%     80.24% |        1703      6.75%     86.98% |        1644      6.51%     93.50% |        1642      6.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETX::total        25246                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTX        |       58078      6.31%      6.31% |       57107      6.21%     12.52% |       57083      6.21%     18.73% |       56723      6.17%     24.90% |       57314      6.23%     31.13% |       56820      6.18%     37.30% |       56928      6.19%     43.49% |       57190      6.22%     49.71% |       57217      6.22%     55.93% |       57861      6.29%     62.22% |       57955      6.30%     68.52% |       57638      6.27%     74.79% |       57932      6.30%     81.09% |       58117      6.32%     87.41% |       58065      6.31%     93.72% |       57772      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTX::total       919800                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETS       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETS::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_PUTO       |          42      6.15%      6.15% |          44      6.44%     12.59% |          41      6.00%     18.59% |          50      7.32%     25.92% |          47      6.88%     32.80% |          34      4.98%     37.77% |          47      6.88%     44.66% |          47      6.88%     51.54% |          49      7.17%     58.71% |          36      5.27%     63.98% |          47      6.88%     70.86% |          32      4.69%     75.55% |          42      6.15%     81.70% |          48      7.03%     88.73% |          40      5.86%     94.58% |          37      5.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_PUTO::total          683                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETS      |         404      4.96%      4.96% |        2154     26.47%     31.43% |         628      7.72%     39.14% |         502      6.17%     45.31% |         414      5.09%     50.40% |         386      4.74%     55.14% |         381      4.68%     59.82% |         360      4.42%     64.25% |         384      4.72%     68.96% |         357      4.39%     73.35% |         335      4.12%     77.47% |         344      4.23%     81.69% |         357      4.39%     86.08% |         354      4.35%     90.43% |         334      4.10%     94.53% |         445      5.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETS::total         8139                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETX      |          10      2.16%      2.16% |         266     57.45%     59.61% |          60     12.96%     72.57% |           8      1.73%     74.30% |           9      1.94%     76.24% |          23      4.97%     81.21% |          10      2.16%     83.37% |          11      2.38%     85.75% |           8      1.73%     87.47% |           8      1.73%     89.20% |           7      1.51%     90.71% |           8      1.73%     92.44% |           7      1.51%     93.95% |           8      1.73%     95.68% |           9      1.94%     97.62% |          11      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETX::total          463                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTO      |         172      6.45%      6.45% |         178      6.68%     13.13% |         167      6.26%     19.39% |         161      6.04%     25.43% |         165      6.19%     31.62% |         173      6.49%     38.11% |         160      6.00%     44.11% |         161      6.04%     50.15% |         159      5.96%     56.11% |         163      6.11%     62.23% |         159      5.96%     68.19% |         174      6.53%     74.72% |         164      6.15%     80.87% |         162      6.08%     86.95% |         176      6.60%     93.55% |         172      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTO::total         2666                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTX      |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTX::total            2                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only |          42      6.10%      6.10% |          44      6.39%     12.48% |          41      5.95%     18.43% |          50      7.26%     25.69% |          47      6.82%     32.51% |          34      4.93%     37.45% |          49      7.11%     44.56% |          49      7.11%     51.67% |          49      7.11%     58.78% |          36      5.22%     64.01% |          47      6.82%     70.83% |          32      4.64%     75.47% |          44      6.39%     81.86% |          48      6.97%     88.82% |          40      5.81%     94.63% |          37      5.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only::total          689                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS      |          84      4.74%      4.74% |         119      6.71%     11.45% |         105      5.92%     17.37% |         165      9.31%     26.68% |         108      6.09%     32.77% |         106      5.98%     38.75% |         103      5.81%     44.56% |          99      5.58%     50.14% |         108      6.09%     56.23% |         121      6.82%     63.06% |          95      5.36%     68.42% |          87      4.91%     73.32% |         111      6.26%     79.58% |         106      5.98%     85.56% |         100      5.64%     91.20% |         156      8.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS::total         1773                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETS       |          14      5.38%      5.38% |          12      4.62%     10.00% |          16      6.15%     16.15% |          26     10.00%     26.15% |          16      6.15%     32.31% |          14      5.38%     37.69% |          14      5.38%     43.08% |          14      5.38%     48.46% |          14      5.38%     53.85% |          12      4.62%     58.46% |          14      5.38%     63.85% |          12      4.62%     68.46% |          14      5.38%     73.85% |          16      6.15%     80.00% |          16      6.15%     86.15% |          36     13.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETS::total          260                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETX       |           4      5.97%      5.97% |           8     11.94%     17.91% |           4      5.97%     23.88% |           2      2.99%     26.87% |           4      5.97%     32.84% |           4      5.97%     38.81% |           4      5.97%     44.78% |           4      5.97%     50.75% |           4      5.97%     56.72% |           4      5.97%     62.69% |           5      7.46%     70.15% |           3      4.48%     74.63% |           5      7.46%     82.09% |           5      7.46%     89.55% |           5      7.46%     97.01% |           2      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETX::total           67                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only  |         167      6.48%      6.48% |         169      6.56%     13.04% |         162      6.29%     19.33% |         157      6.09%     25.43% |         159      6.17%     31.60% |         165      6.41%     38.00% |         154      5.98%     43.98% |         155      6.02%     50.00% |         154      5.98%     55.98% |         159      6.17%     62.15% |         153      5.94%     68.09% |         170      6.60%     74.69% |         156      6.06%     80.75% |         156      6.06%     86.80% |         171      6.64%     93.44% |         169      6.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only::total         2576                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS       |         169      6.44%      6.44% |         215      8.19%     14.63% |         152      5.79%     20.43% |         220      8.38%     28.81% |         188      7.16%     35.98% |         149      5.68%     41.65% |         167      6.36%     48.02% |         155      5.91%     53.93% |         173      6.59%     60.52% |         112      4.27%     64.79% |         159      6.06%     70.85% |         162      6.17%     77.02% |         140      5.34%     82.36% |         144      5.49%     87.84% |         142      5.41%     93.25% |         177      6.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS::total         2624                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L2_Replacement::total            3                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETS          |       12490      6.32%      6.32% |       12212      6.18%     12.49% |       12256      6.20%     18.69% |       12338      6.24%     24.93% |       12357      6.25%     31.18% |       12234      6.19%     37.37% |       12384      6.26%     43.63% |       12452      6.30%     49.93% |       12439      6.29%     56.22% |       12504      6.32%     62.55% |       12365      6.25%     68.80% |       12259      6.20%     75.00% |       12384      6.26%     81.27% |       12398      6.27%     87.54% |       12365      6.25%     93.79% |       12275      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETS::total         197712                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETX          |       25449      6.38%      6.38% |       24654      6.18%     12.56% |       24701      6.19%     18.75% |       24281      6.09%     24.84% |       24833      6.23%     31.07% |       24445      6.13%     37.20% |       24466      6.13%     43.33% |       24657      6.18%     49.51% |       24681      6.19%     55.70% |       25104      6.29%     61.99% |       25252      6.33%     68.33% |       25075      6.29%     74.61% |       25174      6.31%     80.92% |       25370      6.36%     87.28% |       25463      6.38%     93.67% |       25254      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETX::total         398859                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L2_Replacement   |       16412      6.23%      6.23% |       16510      6.27%     12.50% |       16387      6.22%     18.72% |       16353      6.21%     24.93% |       16387      6.22%     31.15% |       16410      6.23%     37.38% |       16353      6.21%     43.58% |       16342      6.20%     49.79% |       16352      6.21%     56.00% |       16499      6.26%     62.26% |       16606      6.30%     68.56% |       16561      6.29%     74.85% |       16625      6.31%     81.16% |       16611      6.31%     87.47% |       16506      6.27%     93.73% |       16511      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L2_Replacement::total       263425                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_PUTO      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_PUTO::total            5                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |          42      6.16%      6.16% |          44      6.45%     12.61% |          41      6.01%     18.62% |          49      7.18%     25.81% |          47      6.89%     32.70% |          34      4.99%     37.68% |          47      6.89%     44.57% |          47      6.89%     51.47% |          49      7.18%     58.65% |          36      5.28%     63.93% |          47      6.89%     70.82% |          32      4.69%     75.51% |          42      6.16%     81.67% |          48      7.04%     88.71% |          40      5.87%     94.57% |          37      5.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total          682                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.Unblock      |          42      6.10%      6.10% |          44      6.39%     12.48% |          41      5.95%     18.43% |          50      7.26%     25.69% |          47      6.82%     32.51% |          34      4.93%     37.45% |          49      7.11%     44.56% |          49      7.11%     51.67% |          49      7.11%     58.78% |          36      5.22%     64.01% |          47      6.82%     70.83% |          32      4.64%     75.47% |          44      6.39%     81.86% |          48      6.97%     88.82% |          40      5.81%     94.63% |          37      5.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.Unblock::total          689                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTO     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           5     62.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTO::total            8                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only::total            4                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     19.35%     19.35% |           3      9.68%     29.03% |           0      0.00%     29.03% |           0      0.00%     29.03% |           1      3.23%     32.26% |           6     19.35%     51.61% |           5     16.13%     67.74% |           1      3.23%     70.97% |           0      0.00%     70.97% |           1      3.23%     74.19% |           1      3.23%     77.42% |           2      6.45%     83.87% |           5     16.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS::total           31                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           2      4.55%     11.36% |           1      2.27%     13.64% |           7     15.91%     29.55% |           4      9.09%     38.64% |           5     11.36%     50.00% |           3      6.82%     56.82% |           3      6.82%     63.64% |           3      6.82%     70.45% |           1      2.27%     72.73% |           2      4.55%     77.27% |           2      4.55%     81.82% |           3      6.82%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           4      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total           44                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |         170      6.48%      6.48% |         176      6.71%     13.19% |         166      6.33%     19.51% |         154      5.87%     25.38% |         161      6.14%     31.52% |         168      6.40%     37.92% |         157      5.98%     43.90% |         158      6.02%     49.92% |         156      5.95%     55.87% |         163      6.21%     62.08% |         157      5.98%     68.06% |         172      6.55%     74.62% |         161      6.14%     80.75% |         161      6.14%     86.89% |         176      6.71%     93.60% |         168      6.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total         2624                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.Unblock     |          84      4.74%      4.74% |         119      6.71%     11.45% |         105      5.92%     17.37% |         165      9.31%     26.68% |         108      6.09%     32.77% |         106      5.98%     38.75% |         103      5.81%     44.56% |          99      5.58%     50.14% |         108      6.09%     56.23% |         121      6.82%     63.06% |          95      5.36%     68.42% |          87      4.91%     73.32% |         111      6.26%     79.58% |         106      5.98%     85.56% |         100      5.64%     91.20% |         156      8.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.Unblock::total         1773                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.Unblock        |         167      6.48%      6.48% |         169      6.56%     13.04% |         162      6.29%     19.33% |         157      6.09%     25.43% |         159      6.17%     31.60% |         165      6.41%     38.00% |         154      5.98%     43.98% |         155      6.02%     50.00% |         154      5.98%     55.98% |         159      6.17%     62.15% |         153      5.94%     68.09% |         170      6.60%     74.69% |         156      6.06%     80.75% |         156      6.06%     86.80% |         171      6.64%     93.44% |         169      6.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.Unblock::total         2576                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_PUTS      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.38%      2.38% |           6     14.29%     16.67% |           9     21.43%     38.10% |           7     16.67%     54.76% |           2      4.76%     59.52% |           0      0.00%     59.52% |           0      0.00%     59.52% |           8     19.05%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           2      4.76%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3      7.14%     90.48% |           4      9.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_PUTS::total           42                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.Unblock      |         169      6.44%      6.44% |         215      8.19%     14.63% |         152      5.79%     20.43% |         220      8.38%     28.81% |         188      7.16%     35.98% |         149      5.68%     41.65% |         167      6.36%     48.02% |         155      5.91%     53.93% |         173      6.59%     60.52% |         112      4.27%     64.79% |         159      6.06%     70.85% |         162      6.17%     77.02% |         140      5.34%     82.36% |         144      5.49%     87.84% |         142      5.41%     93.25% |         177      6.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.Unblock::total         2624                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETS       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETS::total            2                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETX       |           3     23.08%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           2     15.38%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETX::total           13                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |        7716      6.20%      6.20% |        7855      6.31%     12.50% |        7741      6.22%     18.72% |        7753      6.23%     24.95% |        7763      6.23%     31.18% |        7807      6.27%     37.45% |        7784      6.25%     43.70% |        7709      6.19%     49.89% |        7725      6.20%     56.10% |        7742      6.22%     62.31% |        7819      6.28%     68.59% |        7809      6.27%     74.86% |        7946      6.38%     81.24% |        7846      6.30%     87.54% |        7720      6.20%     93.74% |        7790      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total       124525                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |       50362      6.33%      6.33% |       49252      6.19%     12.53% |       49342      6.20%     18.73% |       48969      6.16%     24.89% |       49551      6.23%     31.12% |       49013      6.16%     37.28% |       49143      6.18%     43.46% |       49481      6.22%     49.68% |       49492      6.22%     55.91% |       50119      6.30%     62.21% |       50135      6.30%     68.51% |       49828      6.27%     74.78% |       49986      6.29%     81.06% |       50271      6.32%     87.38% |       50344      6.33%     93.72% |       49981      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total       795269                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.Unblock       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.Unblock::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLS.Unblock       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLS.Unblock::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Unblock      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Unblock::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      5.97%      5.97% |           8     11.94%     17.91% |           4      5.97%     23.88% |           2      2.99%     26.87% |           4      5.97%     32.84% |           4      5.97%     38.81% |           4      5.97%     44.78% |           4      5.97%     50.75% |           4      5.97%     56.72% |           4      5.97%     62.69% |           5      7.46%     70.15% |           3      4.48%     74.63% |           5      7.46%     82.09% |           5      7.46%     89.55% |           5      7.46%     97.01% |           2      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock::total           67                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETS     |         111      0.31%      0.31% |       32437     89.67%     89.97% |        2833      7.83%     97.81% |          62      0.17%     97.98% |          82      0.23%     98.20% |          50      0.14%     98.34% |          54      0.15%     98.49% |          51      0.14%     98.63% |          74      0.20%     98.84% |          47      0.13%     98.97% |          44      0.12%     99.09% |          45      0.12%     99.21% |          69      0.19%     99.40% |          74      0.20%     99.61% |          54      0.15%     99.76% |          88      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETS::total        36175                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETX     |           8      0.78%      0.78% |         931     90.56%     91.34% |          11      1.07%     92.41% |           2      0.19%     92.61% |           2      0.19%     92.80% |           9      0.88%     93.68% |           0      0.00%     93.68% |           9      0.88%     94.55% |           1      0.10%     94.65% |           1      0.10%     94.75% |           8      0.78%     95.53% |           2      0.19%     95.72% |           8      0.78%     96.50% |          12      1.17%     97.67% |          13      1.26%     98.93% |          11      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETX::total         1028                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX     |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           2     10.53%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           3     15.79%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           3     15.79%     57.89% |           4     21.05%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           2     10.53%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX::total           19                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Unblock     |         237      5.96%      5.96% |         501     12.59%     18.55% |         277      6.96%     25.52% |         230      5.78%     31.30% |         230      5.78%     37.08% |         239      6.01%     43.09% |         228      5.73%     48.82% |         229      5.76%     54.58% |         228      5.73%     60.31% |         221      5.56%     65.86% |         223      5.61%     71.47% |         222      5.58%     77.05% |         220      5.53%     82.58% |         227      5.71%     88.29% |         234      5.88%     94.17% |         232      5.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Unblock::total         3978                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock |        2289      6.63%      6.63% |        2467      7.14%     13.77% |        2077      6.01%     19.79% |        2053      5.95%     25.73% |        2074      6.01%     31.74% |        2139      6.19%     37.93% |        2057      5.96%     43.89% |        2012      5.83%     49.71% |        2087      6.04%     55.76% |        2209      6.40%     62.16% |        2141      6.20%     68.35% |        2229      6.45%     74.81% |        2076      6.01%     80.82% |        2239      6.48%     87.30% |        2182      6.32%     93.62% |        2202      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock::total        34533                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETS     |         112      0.40%      0.40% |       24080     86.27%     86.67% |        2764      9.90%     96.57% |          85      0.30%     96.88% |         133      0.48%     97.35% |          45      0.16%     97.51% |          44      0.16%     97.67% |          63      0.23%     97.90% |         131      0.47%     98.37% |          59      0.21%     98.58% |           0      0.00%     98.58% |           2      0.01%     98.58% |          40      0.14%     98.73% |         104      0.37%     99.10% |         106      0.38%     99.48% |         145      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETS::total        27913                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETX     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1885     95.20%     95.20% |          95      4.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETX::total         1980                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.Unblock     |         404      4.96%      4.96% |        2154     26.47%     31.43% |         628      7.72%     39.14% |         502      6.17%     45.31% |         414      5.09%     50.40% |         386      4.74%     55.14% |         381      4.68%     59.82% |         360      4.42%     64.25% |         384      4.72%     68.96% |         357      4.39%     73.35% |         335      4.12%     77.47% |         344      4.23%     81.69% |         357      4.39%     86.08% |         354      4.35%     90.43% |         334      4.10%     94.53% |         445      5.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.Unblock::total         8139                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETS      |           1      0.03%      0.03% |        2845     94.33%     94.36% |         167      5.54%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.03%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETS::total         3016                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETX      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETX::total          115                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock |          10      2.16%      2.16% |         266     57.45%     59.61% |          60     12.96%     72.57% |           8      1.73%     74.30% |           9      1.94%     76.24% |          23      4.97%     81.21% |          10      2.16%     83.37% |          11      2.38%     85.75% |           8      1.73%     87.47% |           8      1.73%     89.20% |           7      1.51%     90.71% |           8      1.73%     92.44% |           7      1.51%     93.95% |           8      1.73%     95.68% |           9      1.94%     97.62% |          11      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock::total          463                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.L1_GETS        |           8      5.97%      5.97% |           8      5.97%     11.94% |          22     16.42%     28.36% |           5      3.73%     32.09% |          10      7.46%     39.55% |           7      5.22%     44.78% |           5      3.73%     48.51% |           3      2.24%     50.75% |           5      3.73%     54.48% |           1      0.75%     55.22% |           0      0.00%     55.22% |           7      5.22%     60.45% |          14     10.45%     70.90% |          17     12.69%     83.58% |           0      0.00%     83.58% |          22     16.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.L1_GETS::total          134                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data_Exclusive |        7182      6.16%      6.16% |        7313      6.28%     12.44% |        7235      6.21%     18.65% |        7237      6.21%     24.86% |        7265      6.24%     31.10% |        7305      6.27%     37.37% |        7264      6.23%     43.60% |        7219      6.20%     49.80% |        7241      6.22%     56.01% |        7252      6.22%     62.24% |        7350      6.31%     68.55% |        7364      6.32%     74.87% |        7380      6.33%     81.20% |        7330      6.29%     87.49% |        7262      6.23%     93.73% |        7309      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data_Exclusive::total       116508                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Exclusive_Unblock |        7182      6.16%      6.16% |        7313      6.28%     12.44% |        7235      6.21%     18.65% |        7237      6.21%     24.86% |        7265      6.24%     31.10% |        7305      6.27%     37.37% |        7264      6.23%     43.60% |        7219      6.20%     49.80% |        7241      6.22%     56.01% |        7252      6.22%     62.24% |        7350      6.31%     68.55% |        7364      6.32%     74.87% |        7380      6.33%     81.20% |        7330      6.29%     87.49% |        7262      6.23%     93.73% |        7309      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Exclusive_Unblock::total       116508                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.Data           |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.Data::total          218529                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.L1_GETX       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.L1_GETX::total            3                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.All_Acks      |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.All_Acks::total       218529                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock::total       218529                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.L1_GETS         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.L1_GETS::total             1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.L1_GETX         |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           2     18.18%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.L1_GETX::total            11                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       25449      6.38%      6.38% |       24654      6.18%     12.56% |       24701      6.19%     18.75% |       24281      6.09%     24.84% |       24833      6.23%     31.07% |       24445      6.13%     37.20% |       24466      6.13%     43.33% |       24657      6.18%     49.51% |       24681      6.19%     55.70% |       25104      6.29%     61.99% |       25252      6.33%     68.33% |       25075      6.29%     74.61% |       25174      6.31%     80.92% |       25370      6.36%     87.28% |       25463      6.38%     93.67% |       25254      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       398859                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.Exclusive_Unblock |       12490      6.32%      6.32% |       12212      6.18%     12.49% |       12256      6.20%     18.69% |       12338      6.24%     24.93% |       12357      6.25%     31.18% |       12234      6.19%     37.37% |       12384      6.26%     43.63% |       12452      6.30%     49.93% |       12439      6.29%     56.22% |       12504      6.32%     62.55% |       12365      6.25%     68.80% |       12259      6.20%     75.00% |       12384      6.26%     81.27% |       12398      6.27%     87.54% |       12365      6.25%     93.79% |       12275      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.Exclusive_Unblock::total       197712                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_GETS      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_GETS::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.Unblock      |          14      5.38%      5.38% |          12      4.62%     10.00% |          16      6.15%     16.15% |          26     10.00%     26.15% |          16      6.15%     32.31% |          14      5.38%     37.69% |          14      5.38%     43.08% |          14      5.38%     48.46% |          14      5.38%     53.85% |          12      4.62%     58.46% |          14      5.38%     63.85% |          12      4.62%     68.46% |          14      5.38%     73.85% |          16      6.15%     80.00% |          16      6.15%     86.15% |          36     13.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.Unblock::total          260                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.L1_GETX         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.L1_GETX::total             4                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack   |       16412      6.23%      6.23% |       16510      6.27%     12.50% |       16387      6.22%     18.72% |       16353      6.21%     24.93% |       16387      6.22%     31.15% |       16410      6.23%     37.38% |       16353      6.21%     43.58% |       16342      6.20%     49.79% |       16352      6.21%     56.00% |       16499      6.26%     62.26% |       16606      6.30%     68.56% |       16561      6.29%     74.85% |       16625      6.31%     81.16% |       16611      6.31%     87.47% |       16506      6.27%     93.73% |       16511      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       263425                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSI.Writeback_Ack::total            3                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETX              |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETX::total             218529                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETS              |        7182      6.16%      6.16% |        7313      6.28%     12.44% |        7235      6.21%     18.65% |        7237      6.21%     24.86% |        7265      6.24%     31.10% |        7305      6.27%     37.37% |        7264      6.23%     43.60% |        7219      6.20%     49.80% |        7241      6.22%     56.01% |        7252      6.22%     62.24% |        7350      6.31%     68.55% |        7364      6.32%     74.87% |        7380      6.33%     81.20% |        7330      6.29%     87.49% |        7262      6.23%     93.73% |        7309      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETS::total             116508                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTX              |       16412      6.23%      6.23% |       16510      6.27%     12.50% |       16387      6.22%     18.72% |       16353      6.21%     24.93% |       16387      6.22%     31.15% |       16410      6.23%     37.38% |       16353      6.21%     43.58% |       16342      6.20%     49.79% |       16352      6.21%     56.00% |       16499      6.26%     62.26% |       16606      6.30%     68.56% |       16561      6.29%     74.85% |       16625      6.31%     81.16% |       16611      6.31%     87.47% |       16506      6.27%     93.73% |       16511      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTX::total             263425                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTO_SHARERS      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTO_SHARERS::total            3                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock |       20870      6.23%      6.23% |       20977      6.26%     12.49% |       20868      6.23%     18.72% |       20839      6.22%     24.94% |       20868      6.23%     31.17% |       20880      6.23%     37.40% |       20820      6.21%     43.61% |       20822      6.21%     49.83% |       20830      6.22%     56.05% |       20982      6.26%     62.31% |       21073      6.29%     68.60% |       21040      6.28%     74.88% |       21110      6.30%     81.18% |       21088      6.29%     87.47% |       20984      6.26%     93.74% |       20985      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock::total       335036                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Clean_Writeback   |        5218      6.18%      6.18% |        5259      6.23%     12.41% |        5195      6.16%     18.57% |        5228      6.20%     24.77% |        5278      6.25%     31.02% |        5268      6.24%     37.26% |        5290      6.27%     43.53% |        5217      6.18%     49.71% |        5243      6.21%     55.93% |        5275      6.25%     62.18% |        5370      6.36%     68.54% |        5371      6.36%     74.90% |        5377      6.37%     81.28% |        5296      6.28%     87.55% |        5234      6.20%     93.75% |        5271      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Clean_Writeback::total        84390                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Dirty_Writeback   |       11194      6.25%      6.25% |       11251      6.28%     12.54% |       11192      6.25%     18.79% |       11125      6.21%     25.00% |       11109      6.20%     31.21% |       11142      6.22%     37.43% |       11063      6.18%     43.61% |       11125      6.21%     49.82% |       11109      6.20%     56.03% |       11225      6.27%     62.30% |       11236      6.28%     68.57% |       11191      6.25%     74.82% |       11249      6.28%     81.11% |       11315      6.32%     87.43% |       11272      6.30%     93.72% |       11240      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Dirty_Writeback::total       179038                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Data       |       20870      6.23%      6.23% |       20978      6.26%     12.49% |       20868      6.23%     18.72% |       20839      6.22%     24.94% |       20868      6.23%     31.17% |       20880      6.23%     37.40% |       20820      6.21%     43.61% |       20822      6.21%     49.83% |       20830      6.22%     56.05% |       20982      6.26%     62.31% |       21073      6.29%     68.60% |       21040      6.28%     74.88% |       21110      6.30%     81.18% |       21088      6.29%     87.47% |       20984      6.26%     93.74% |       20985      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Data::total       335037                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Ack        |       11194      6.25%      6.25% |       11251      6.28%     12.54% |       11192      6.25%     18.79% |       11125      6.21%     25.00% |       11109      6.20%     31.21% |       11142      6.22%     37.43% |       11063      6.18%     43.61% |       11125      6.21%     49.82% |       11109      6.20%     56.03% |       11225      6.27%     62.30% |       11236      6.28%     68.57% |       11191      6.25%     74.82% |       11249      6.28%     81.11% |       11315      6.32%     87.43% |       11272      6.30%     93.72% |       11240      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Ack::total       179038                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETX            |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETX::total           218529                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETS            |        7182      6.16%      6.16% |        7313      6.28%     12.44% |        7235      6.21%     18.65% |        7237      6.21%     24.86% |        7265      6.24%     31.10% |        7305      6.27%     37.37% |        7264      6.23%     43.60% |        7219      6.20%     49.80% |        7241      6.22%     56.01% |        7252      6.22%     62.24% |        7350      6.31%     68.55% |        7364      6.32%     74.87% |        7380      6.33%     81.20% |        7330      6.29%     87.49% |        7262      6.23%     93.73% |        7309      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETS::total           116508                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.Memory_Ack      |       11194      6.25%      6.25% |       11251      6.28%     12.54% |       11192      6.25%     18.79% |       11124      6.21%     25.00% |       11108      6.20%     31.21% |       11142      6.22%     37.43% |       11062      6.18%     43.61% |       11125      6.21%     49.82% |       11108      6.20%     56.03% |       11225      6.27%     62.30% |       11236      6.28%     68.57% |       11191      6.25%     74.82% |       11248      6.28%     81.11% |       11315      6.32%     87.43% |       11271      6.30%     93.72% |       11240      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.Memory_Ack::total       179032                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTX            |       16412      6.23%      6.23% |       16510      6.27%     12.50% |       16387      6.22%     18.72% |       16353      6.21%     24.93% |       16387      6.22%     31.15% |       16410      6.23%     37.38% |       16353      6.21%     43.58% |       16342      6.20%     49.79% |       16352      6.21%     56.00% |       16499      6.26%     62.26% |       16606      6.30%     68.56% |       16561      6.29%     74.85% |       16625      6.31%     81.16% |       16611      6.31%     87.47% |       16506      6.27%     93.73% |       16511      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTX::total           263425                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTO_SHARERS    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total            3                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Unblock |        7182      6.16%      6.16% |        7312      6.28%     12.44% |        7235      6.21%     18.65% |        7237      6.21%     24.86% |        7265      6.24%     31.10% |        7305      6.27%     37.37% |        7264      6.23%     43.60% |        7219      6.20%     49.80% |        7241      6.22%     56.01% |        7252      6.22%     62.24% |        7350      6.31%     68.55% |        7364      6.32%     74.87% |        7380      6.33%     81.20% |        7330      6.29%     87.49% |        7262      6.23%     93.73% |        7309      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Unblock::total       116507                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Data    |        7182      6.16%      6.16% |        7313      6.28%     12.44% |        7235      6.21%     18.65% |        7237      6.21%     24.86% |        7265      6.24%     31.10% |        7305      6.27%     37.37% |        7264      6.23%     43.60% |        7219      6.20%     49.80% |        7241      6.22%     56.01% |        7252      6.22%     62.24% |        7350      6.31%     68.55% |        7364      6.32%     74.87% |        7380      6.33%     81.20% |        7330      6.29%     87.49% |        7262      6.23%     93.73% |        7309      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Data::total       116508                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Ack     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Ack::total            1                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       218529                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Data    |       13688      6.26%      6.26% |       13665      6.25%     12.52% |       13633      6.24%     18.76% |       13602      6.22%     24.98% |       13603      6.22%     31.20% |       13575      6.21%     37.42% |       13556      6.20%     43.62% |       13603      6.22%     49.84% |       13589      6.22%     56.06% |       13730      6.28%     62.35% |       13723      6.28%     68.63% |       13676      6.26%     74.88% |       13730      6.28%     81.17% |       13758      6.30%     87.46% |       13722      6.28%     93.74% |       13676      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Data::total       218529                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Ack     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Ack::total            5                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Clean_Writeback |        5218      6.18%      6.18% |        5259      6.23%     12.42% |        5195      6.16%     18.57% |        5228      6.20%     24.77% |        5278      6.25%     31.02% |        5268      6.24%     37.26% |        5290      6.27%     43.53% |        5217      6.18%     49.72% |        5243      6.21%     55.93% |        5274      6.25%     62.18% |        5370      6.36%     68.54% |        5370      6.36%     74.90% |        5376      6.37%     81.28% |        5296      6.28%     87.55% |        5234      6.20%     93.75% |        5271      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Clean_Writeback::total        84387                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Dirty_Writeback |       11194      6.25%      6.25% |       11251      6.28%     12.54% |       11192      6.25%     18.79% |       11125      6.21%     25.00% |       11109      6.20%     31.21% |       11142      6.22%     37.43% |       11063      6.18%     43.61% |       11125      6.21%     49.82% |       11109      6.20%     56.03% |       11225      6.27%     62.30% |       11236      6.28%     68.57% |       11191      6.25%     74.82% |       11249      6.28%     81.11% |       11315      6.32%     87.43% |       11272      6.30%     93.72% |       11240      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       179038                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Clean_Writeback |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Clean_Writeback::total            3                      


---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
