
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038728                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38728216000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                38728216000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 120344                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   184825                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50997011                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 417732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   759.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91392110                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     140360374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        37356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        23865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61221                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        37181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        23769                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        60950                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        38226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        23763                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        61989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        37934                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        23874                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        61808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        37918                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        23839                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61757                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        37931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        23775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        61706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        37570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        23933                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        61503                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        37818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        23770                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        61588                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits       731336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        63210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       794546                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits      8015820                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses          158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8015978                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits       750132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60478                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       810610                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits      8055713                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses          139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8055852                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits       747171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62348                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       809519                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      8052475                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses          163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8052638                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits       748592                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60371                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       808963                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits      8056614                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses          149                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8056763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       716683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60330                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       777013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      8022435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8023114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits       719898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       779790                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      7989082                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7989233                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       719362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62002                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       781364                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      7991836                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses          159                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7991995                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       731227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       790771                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      8016682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses          153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8016835                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        37012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        26542                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        63554                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        37900                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        23964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        61864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        37361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        23756                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        61117                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        37041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        61209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits       729862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses        65243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       795105                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits      8015240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses          148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8015388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits       750125                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60571                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       810696                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits      8055990                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses          148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8056138                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        37664                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        23745                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        61409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        37580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        23834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        61414                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits       706819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       767053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits      7977053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses          148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7977201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits       670701                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       733269                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits      7922967                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses          155                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7923122                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits       717342                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        63509                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       780851                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits      7992709                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses          148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7992857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits       715790                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        61537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       777327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits      7991649                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses          157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7991806                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits       742325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62030                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       804355                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits      8042196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses          162                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8042358                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits       742622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60167                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       802789                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits      8044319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses          149                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8044468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        38171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        23996                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        37892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        23852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        61744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReq         32498                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRead        21227                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWrite        11271                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRefresh       123611                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         9518                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memInputQ           73                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankQ          552                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.totalStalls        10143                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.312112                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankBusy         7370                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1281                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          317                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          156                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memArbWait          394                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount |        4114     12.66%     12.66% |           0      0.00%     12.66% |           0      0.00%     12.66% |           0      0.00%     12.66% |        4114     12.66%     25.32% |           0      0.00%     25.32% |           0      0.00%     25.32% |           0      0.00%     25.32% |        3949     12.15%     37.47% |           0      0.00%     37.47% |           0      0.00%     37.47% |           0      0.00%     37.47% |        3994     12.29%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |        4042     12.44%     62.20% |           0      0.00%     62.20% |           0      0.00%     62.20% |           0      0.00%     62.20% |        4171     12.83%     75.03% |           0      0.00%     75.03% |           0      0.00%     75.03% |           0      0.00%     75.03% |        4030     12.40%     87.43% |           0      0.00%     87.43% |           0      0.00%     87.43% |           0      0.00%     87.43% |        4084     12.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32498                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memReq         32547                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memRead        21265                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memWrite        11282                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memRefresh       123822                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        10065                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memInputQ           64                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankQ          102                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.totalStalls        10231                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.314345                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankBusy         7781                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1351                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          353                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          157                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memArbWait          423                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankCount |        4083     12.54%     12.54% |           0      0.00%     12.54% |           0      0.00%     12.54% |           0      0.00%     12.54% |        4078     12.53%     25.07% |           0      0.00%     25.07% |           0      0.00%     25.07% |           0      0.00%     25.07% |        3977     12.22%     37.29% |           0      0.00%     37.29% |           0      0.00%     37.29% |           0      0.00%     37.29% |        4020     12.35%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |        4042     12.42%     62.06% |           0      0.00%     62.06% |           0      0.00%     62.06% |           0      0.00%     62.06% |        4151     12.75%     74.82% |           0      0.00%     74.82% |           0      0.00%     74.82% |           0      0.00%     74.82% |        4091     12.57%     87.39% |           0      0.00%     87.39% |           0      0.00%     87.39% |           0      0.00%     87.39% |        4105     12.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32547                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memReq         32558                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memRead        21279                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memWrite        11279                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memRefresh       123430                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        11040                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memInputQ           64                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankQ          167                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.totalStalls        11271                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.346182                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankBusy         8805                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1351                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          320                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          164                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memArbWait          400                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankCount |        4035     12.39%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |        4146     12.73%     25.13% |           0      0.00%     25.13% |           0      0.00%     25.13% |           0      0.00%     25.13% |        3979     12.22%     37.35% |           0      0.00%     37.35% |           0      0.00%     37.35% |           0      0.00%     37.35% |        3994     12.27%     49.62% |           0      0.00%     49.62% |           0      0.00%     49.62% |           0      0.00%     49.62% |        4007     12.31%     61.92% |           0      0.00%     61.92% |           0      0.00%     61.92% |           0      0.00%     61.92% |        4144     12.73%     74.65% |           0      0.00%     74.65% |           0      0.00%     74.65% |           0      0.00%     74.65% |        4108     12.62%     87.27% |           0      0.00%     87.27% |           0      0.00%     87.27% |           0      0.00%     87.27% |        4145     12.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32558                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memReq         32374                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memRead        21200                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memWrite        11174                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memRefresh       123447                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        11841                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memInputQ           74                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankQ          231                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.totalStalls        12146                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.375178                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankBusy         9496                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1435                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          311                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          159                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memArbWait          440                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankCount |        4026     12.44%     12.44% |           0      0.00%     12.44% |           0      0.00%     12.44% |           0      0.00%     12.44% |        4084     12.62%     25.05% |           0      0.00%     25.05% |           0      0.00%     25.05% |           0      0.00%     25.05% |        3960     12.23%     37.28% |           0      0.00%     37.28% |           0      0.00%     37.28% |           0      0.00%     37.28% |        3990     12.32%     49.61% |           0      0.00%     49.61% |           0      0.00%     49.61% |           0      0.00%     49.61% |        4007     12.38%     61.98% |           0      0.00%     61.98% |           0      0.00%     61.98% |           0      0.00%     61.98% |        4114     12.71%     74.69% |           0      0.00%     74.69% |           0      0.00%     74.69% |           0      0.00%     74.69% |        4090     12.63%     87.33% |           0      0.00%     87.33% |           0      0.00%     87.33% |           0      0.00%     87.33% |        4103     12.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32374                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memReq         32400                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memRead        21227                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memWrite        11173                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memRefresh       123824                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        11587                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memInputQ           75                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankQ          171                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.totalStalls        11833                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.365216                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankBusy         9449                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1287                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          340                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          171                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memArbWait          340                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4064     12.54%     12.54% |           0      0.00%     12.54% |           0      0.00%     12.54% |           0      0.00%     12.54% |        4085     12.61%     25.15% |           0      0.00%     25.15% |           0      0.00%     25.15% |           0      0.00%     25.15% |        3965     12.24%     37.39% |           0      0.00%     37.39% |           0      0.00%     37.39% |           0      0.00%     37.39% |        3990     12.31%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |        4021     12.41%     62.11% |           0      0.00%     62.11% |           0      0.00%     62.11% |           0      0.00%     62.11% |        4148     12.80%     74.92% |           0      0.00%     74.92% |           0      0.00%     74.92% |           0      0.00%     74.92% |        4038     12.46%     87.38% |           0      0.00%     87.38% |           0      0.00%     87.38% |           0      0.00%     87.38% |        4089     12.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32400                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memReq         32497                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memRead        21257                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memWrite        11240                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memRefresh       123352                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        12094                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memInputQ           82                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankQ          233                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.totalStalls        12409                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.381851                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankBusy         9970                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1297                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          322                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          197                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memArbWait          308                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4091     12.59%     12.59% |           0      0.00%     12.59% |           0      0.00%     12.59% |           0      0.00%     12.59% |        4028     12.39%     24.98% |           0      0.00%     24.98% |           0      0.00%     24.98% |           0      0.00%     24.98% |        4009     12.34%     37.32% |           0      0.00%     37.32% |           0      0.00%     37.32% |           0      0.00%     37.32% |        4030     12.40%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |        4036     12.42%     62.14% |           0      0.00%     62.14% |           0      0.00%     62.14% |           0      0.00%     62.14% |        4156     12.79%     74.93% |           0      0.00%     74.93% |           0      0.00%     74.93% |           0      0.00%     74.93% |        4048     12.46%     87.39% |           0      0.00%     87.39% |           0      0.00%     87.39% |           0      0.00%     87.39% |        4099     12.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32497                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memReq         32497                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memRead        21223                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memWrite        11274                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memRefresh       123446                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        13018                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memInputQ           67                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankQ          252                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.totalStalls        13337                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.410407                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankBusy        10842                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1328                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          335                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          170                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memArbWait          343                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4053     12.47%     12.47% |           0      0.00%     12.47% |           0      0.00%     12.47% |           0      0.00%     12.47% |        4067     12.52%     24.99% |           0      0.00%     24.99% |           0      0.00%     24.99% |           0      0.00%     24.99% |        3998     12.30%     37.29% |           0      0.00%     37.29% |           0      0.00%     37.29% |           0      0.00%     37.29% |        4033     12.41%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |        4025     12.39%     62.09% |           0      0.00%     62.09% |           0      0.00%     62.09% |           0      0.00%     62.09% |        4148     12.76%     74.85% |           0      0.00%     74.85% |           0      0.00%     74.85% |           0      0.00%     74.85% |        4131     12.71%     87.56% |           0      0.00%     87.56% |           0      0.00%     87.56% |           0      0.00%     87.56% |        4042     12.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32497                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memReq         32323                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memRead        21156                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memWrite        11167                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memRefresh       123607                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        13824                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memInputQ           59                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankQ          333                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.totalStalls        14216                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.439811                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankBusy        11748                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1268                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          344                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          133                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memArbWait          331                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4067     12.58%     12.58% |           0      0.00%     12.58% |           0      0.00%     12.58% |           0      0.00%     12.58% |        4031     12.47%     25.05% |           0      0.00%     25.05% |           0      0.00%     25.05% |           0      0.00%     25.05% |        4048     12.52%     37.58% |           0      0.00%     37.58% |           0      0.00%     37.58% |           0      0.00%     37.58% |        4028     12.46%     50.04% |           0      0.00%     50.04% |           0      0.00%     50.04% |           0      0.00%     50.04% |        3991     12.35%     62.39% |           0      0.00%     62.39% |           0      0.00%     62.39% |           0      0.00%     62.39% |        4107     12.71%     75.09% |           0      0.00%     75.09% |           0      0.00%     75.09% |           0      0.00%     75.09% |        4071     12.59%     87.69% |           0      0.00%     87.69% |           0      0.00%     87.69% |           0      0.00%     87.69% |        3980     12.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32323                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memReq         32454                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memRead        21229                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memWrite        11225                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memRefresh       123359                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        13641                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memInputQ           79                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankQ          284                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.totalStalls        14004                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.431503                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankBusy        11384                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1332                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          375                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          160                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memArbWait          390                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4038     12.44%     12.44% |           0      0.00%     12.44% |           0      0.00%     12.44% |           0      0.00%     12.44% |        4063     12.52%     24.96% |           0      0.00%     24.96% |           0      0.00%     24.96% |           0      0.00%     24.96% |        4077     12.56%     37.52% |           0      0.00%     37.52% |           0      0.00%     37.52% |           0      0.00%     37.52% |        4035     12.43%     49.96% |           0      0.00%     49.96% |           0      0.00%     49.96% |           0      0.00%     49.96% |        4023     12.40%     62.35% |           0      0.00%     62.35% |           0      0.00%     62.35% |           0      0.00%     62.35% |        4083     12.58%     74.93% |           0      0.00%     74.93% |           0      0.00%     74.93% |           0      0.00%     74.93% |        4105     12.65%     87.58% |           0      0.00%     87.58% |           0      0.00%     87.58% |           0      0.00%     87.58% |        4030     12.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32454                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memReq         32781                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memRead        21415                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memWrite        11366                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memRefresh       123436                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        16748                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memInputQ           77                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankQ          377                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.totalStalls        17202                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.524755                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankBusy        14510                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1348                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          353                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          153                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memArbWait          384                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4061     12.39%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |        4058     12.38%     24.77% |           0      0.00%     24.77% |           0      0.00%     24.77% |           0      0.00%     24.77% |        4111     12.54%     37.31% |           0      0.00%     37.31% |           0      0.00%     37.31% |           0      0.00%     37.31% |        4024     12.28%     49.58% |           0      0.00%     49.58% |           0      0.00%     49.58% |           0      0.00%     49.58% |        4070     12.42%     62.00% |           0      0.00%     62.00% |           0      0.00%     62.00% |           0      0.00%     62.00% |        4329     13.21%     75.21% |           0      0.00%     75.21% |           0      0.00%     75.21% |           0      0.00%     75.21% |        4082     12.45%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |        4046     12.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32781                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memReq        32495                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memRead        21263                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memWrite        11232                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memRefresh       123125                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        17878                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memInputQ           68                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankQ          491                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.totalStalls        18437                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.567380                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankBusy        15641                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1328                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          349                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          187                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memArbWait          373                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3973     12.23%     12.23% |           0      0.00%     12.23% |           0      0.00%     12.23% |           0      0.00%     12.23% |        4010     12.34%     24.57% |           0      0.00%     24.57% |           0      0.00%     24.57% |           0      0.00%     24.57% |        4033     12.41%     36.98% |           0      0.00%     36.98% |           0      0.00%     36.98% |           0      0.00%     36.98% |        4022     12.38%     49.36% |           0      0.00%     49.36% |           0      0.00%     49.36% |           0      0.00%     49.36% |        4088     12.58%     61.94% |           0      0.00%     61.94% |           0      0.00%     61.94% |           0      0.00%     61.94% |        4195     12.91%     74.85% |           0      0.00%     74.85% |           0      0.00%     74.85% |           0      0.00%     74.85% |        4114     12.66%     87.51% |           0      0.00%     87.51% |           0      0.00%     87.51% |           0      0.00%     87.51% |        4060     12.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32495                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memReq        32455                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memRead        21231                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memWrite        11224                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memRefresh       123602                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        17902                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memInputQ           71                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankQ          598                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.totalStalls        18571                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.572208                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankBusy        15725                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1319                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          351                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          160                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memArbWait          347                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4058     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |        3997     12.32%     24.82% |           0      0.00%     24.82% |           0      0.00%     24.82% |           0      0.00%     24.82% |        4041     12.45%     37.27% |           0      0.00%     37.27% |           0      0.00%     37.27% |           0      0.00%     37.27% |        3981     12.27%     49.54% |           0      0.00%     49.54% |           0      0.00%     49.54% |           0      0.00%     49.54% |        4122     12.70%     62.24% |           0      0.00%     62.24% |           0      0.00%     62.24% |           0      0.00%     62.24% |        4190     12.91%     75.15% |           0      0.00%     75.15% |           0      0.00%     75.15% |           0      0.00%     75.15% |        4044     12.46%     87.61% |           0      0.00%     87.61% |           0      0.00%     87.61% |           0      0.00%     87.61% |        4022     12.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32455                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memReq        32524                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memRead        21267                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memWrite        11257                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memRefresh       123390                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        18831                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memInputQ           68                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankQ          938                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.totalStalls        19837                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.609919                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankBusy        16598                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1341                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          317                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          173                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memArbWait          402                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4042     12.43%     12.43% |           0      0.00%     12.43% |           0      0.00%     12.43% |           0      0.00%     12.43% |        4015     12.34%     24.77% |           0      0.00%     24.77% |           0      0.00%     24.77% |           0      0.00%     24.77% |        4004     12.31%     37.08% |           0      0.00%     37.08% |           0      0.00%     37.08% |           0      0.00%     37.08% |        4044     12.43%     49.52% |           0      0.00%     49.52% |           0      0.00%     49.52% |           0      0.00%     49.52% |        4147     12.75%     62.27% |           0      0.00%     62.27% |           0      0.00%     62.27% |           0      0.00%     62.27% |        4154     12.77%     75.04% |           0      0.00%     75.04% |           0      0.00%     75.04% |           0      0.00%     75.04% |        4075     12.53%     87.57% |           0      0.00%     87.57% |           0      0.00%     87.57% |           0      0.00%     87.57% |        4043     12.43%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32524                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memReq        32621                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memRead        21305                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memWrite        11316                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memRefresh       123356                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        18850                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memInputQ           76                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankQ          982                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.totalStalls        19908                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.610282                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankBusy        16600                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1351                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          326                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          172                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memArbWait          401                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4040     12.38%     12.38% |           0      0.00%     12.38% |           0      0.00%     12.38% |           0      0.00%     12.38% |        4026     12.34%     24.73% |           0      0.00%     24.73% |           0      0.00%     24.73% |           0      0.00%     24.73% |        4039     12.38%     37.11% |           0      0.00%     37.11% |           0      0.00%     37.11% |           0      0.00%     37.11% |        3987     12.22%     49.33% |           0      0.00%     49.33% |           0      0.00%     49.33% |           0      0.00%     49.33% |        4171     12.79%     62.12% |           0      0.00%     62.12% |           0      0.00%     62.12% |           0      0.00%     62.12% |        4234     12.98%     75.10% |           0      0.00%     75.10% |           0      0.00%     75.10% |           0      0.00%     75.10% |        4109     12.60%     87.69% |           0      0.00%     87.69% |           0      0.00%     87.69% |           0      0.00%     87.69% |        4015     12.31%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32621                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memReq        32509                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memRead        21240                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memWrite        11269                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memRefresh       122909                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        17631                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memInputQ           84                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankQ          869                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.totalStalls        18584                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.571657                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankBusy        15432                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1342                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          335                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          144                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memArbWait          378                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4008     12.33%     12.33% |           0      0.00%     12.33% |           0      0.00%     12.33% |           0      0.00%     12.33% |        3926     12.08%     24.41% |           0      0.00%     24.41% |           0      0.00%     24.41% |           0      0.00%     24.41% |        4083     12.56%     36.97% |           0      0.00%     36.97% |           0      0.00%     36.97% |           0      0.00%     36.97% |        3986     12.26%     49.23% |           0      0.00%     49.23% |           0      0.00%     49.23% |           0      0.00%     49.23% |        4106     12.63%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |        4264     13.12%     74.97% |           0      0.00%     74.97% |           0      0.00%     74.97% |           0      0.00%     74.97% |        4111     12.65%     87.62% |           0      0.00%     87.62% |           0      0.00%     87.62% |           0      0.00%     87.62% |        4025     12.38%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32509                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memReq        32706                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memRead        21350                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memWrite        11356                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memRefresh       123804                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memWaitCycles        17862                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memInputQ           87                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankQ         1005                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.totalStalls        18954                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.579527                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankBusy        15466                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBusBusy         1408                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy          397                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy          177                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memArbWait          414                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4053     12.39%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |           0      0.00%     12.39% |        4061     12.42%     24.81% |           0      0.00%     24.81% |           0      0.00%     24.81% |           0      0.00%     24.81% |        4000     12.23%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |        4074     12.46%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |           0      0.00%     49.50% |        4205     12.86%     62.35% |           0      0.00%     62.35% |           0      0.00%     62.35% |           0      0.00%     62.35% |        4098     12.53%     74.88% |           0      0.00%     74.88% |           0      0.00%     74.88% |           0      0.00%     74.88% |        4120     12.60%     87.48% |           0      0.00%     87.48% |           0      0.00%     87.48% |           0      0.00%     87.48% |        4095     12.52%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankCount::total        32706                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                       77456432                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                   5714879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                     8792667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses             3974328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses              5682057                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                      1458                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts       214723                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                    3974328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                     5682057                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads           8398546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes          4991152                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads           12722058                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes           5249842                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                      777013                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                    494331                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                   282682                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                 77456432                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                       77105266                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                   5698085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                     8730347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses             3913314                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681255                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                       110                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts       214542                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                    3913314                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                     5681255                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads           8299100                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes          4887016                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads           12720293                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes           5249114                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                      779790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                    496113                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                   283677                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             817664.056379                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             76287601.943621                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.989395                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.010605                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                       77103084                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   5695171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                     8740037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses             3918351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses              5698265                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                       106                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts       211166                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                    3918351                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                     5698265                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads           8283213                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          4899322                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads           12738095                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes           5261981                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                      781364                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                    497531                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                   283833                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             821204.585745                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             76281879.414255                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.989349                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.010651                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                       77103448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   5718089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                     8767334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses             3949727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681917                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                        86                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts       217623                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                    3949727                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                     5681917                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads           8384204                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          4936139                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads           12721791                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes           5249726                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                      790771                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                    503941                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                   286830                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             842540.801942                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             76260907.198058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.989073                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.010927                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                       77104072                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                   5710559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                     8778714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses             3952831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses              5714726                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                       120                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       211865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                    3952831                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                     5714726                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads           8350848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes          4940802                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads           12754651                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes           5274340                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                      794546                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                    507198                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                   287348                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             863065.853811                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             76241006.146189                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.988806                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.011194                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                       77104290                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   5750721                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     8809656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             3992024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681953                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                        72                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       224031                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    3992024                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                     5681953                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads           8519262                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          4977776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads           12721871                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes           5249759                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                      810610                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    517256                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   293354                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             863562.039021                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             76240727.960979                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.988800                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.011200                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                       77103756                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   5743146                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     8815684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             3993900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses              5698378                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                       104                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       220288                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    3993900                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                     5698378                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads           8492869                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          4987807                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads           12738347                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes           5262085                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                      809519                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                    517186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   292333                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             865435.461788                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             76238320.538212                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.988776                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.011224                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                       77104610                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   5748777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     8816248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             3998570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681994                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                        74                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       222894                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    3998570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                     5681994                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           8515517                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          4996800                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads           12721963                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes           5249797                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                      808963                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                    516889                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   292074                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             885869.850638                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             76218740.149362                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.988511                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.011489                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                       77104516                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   5705187                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     8785758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             3955708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses              5731187                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                       136                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       208268                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    3955708                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                     5731187                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads           8328989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          4950841                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads           12771207                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes           5286699                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                      795105                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                    508211                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   286894                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             886645.226797                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             76217870.773203                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.988501                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.011499                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                       77104872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   5750918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     8810829                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             3993157                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses              5681989                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                        74                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       224058                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    3993157                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                     5681989                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads           8520059                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes          4978936                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads           12721951                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes           5249792                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                      810696                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                    517308                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   293388                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             887598.990511                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             76217273.009489                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.988488                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.011512                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                       77104304                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   5734436                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     8803210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             3981382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses              5698414                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                       108                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       218286                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    3981382                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                     5698414                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads           8452635                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          4974858                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads           12738427                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes           5262118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                      804355                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                    513596                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   290759                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             889806.341311                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             76214497.658689                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.988460                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.011540                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                       77103826                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   5738563                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     8802132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             3984428                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses              5682030                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                        74                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       220917                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    3984428                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                     5682030                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads           8473521                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          4982778                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads           12722043                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes           5249830                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                      802789                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                    512812                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   289977                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             912449.250801                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             76191376.749199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.988166                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.011834                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                       77104762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   5688635                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     8754949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             3928985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses              5714839                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                       112                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       206799                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    3928985                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                     5714839                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads           8263660                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          4929513                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads           12754903                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes           5274444                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                      780851                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                    498834                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   282017                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             911845.133319                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             76192916.866681                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.988174                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.011826                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                       77103418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   5689678                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                     8747134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses             3925262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses              5698455                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                        98                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts       208379                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                    3925262                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                     5698455                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads           8265892                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          4930420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads           12738519                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes           5262156                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                      777327                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                    496341                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                   280986                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             914907.147059                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             76188510.852941                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.988134                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.011866                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                       77104186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                   5679768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                     8726580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses             3908822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses              5682071                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                        74                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts       208349                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                    3908822                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                     5682071                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads           8230065                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes          4919525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads           12722135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes           5249868                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                      767053                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                    489674                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                   277379                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             916082.930262                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             76188103.069738                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.988119                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.011881                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                       77103024                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                   5625498                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                     8679095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses             3853062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses              5710784                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                       166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts       192725                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                    3853062                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                     5710784                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads           7991770                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes          4879663                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads           12752947                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes           5272434                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                      733269                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                    468312                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                   264957                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             919397.866856                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             76183626.133144                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.988076                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.011924                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Load               |      356627      6.09%      6.09% |      362952      6.19%     12.28% |      362322      6.18%     18.47% |      368735      6.29%     24.76% |      369921      6.31%     31.07% |      382051      6.52%     37.59% |      379928      6.48%     44.08% |      379628      6.48%     50.56% |      368888      6.30%     56.85% |      382094      6.52%     63.38% |      376331      6.42%     69.80% |      375553      6.41%     76.21% |      359520      6.14%     82.35% |      357021      6.09%     88.44% |      350358      5.98%     94.42% |      326927      5.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Load::total             5858856                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ifetch             |     8023114      6.26%      6.26% |     7989233      6.23%     12.49% |     7991995      6.23%     18.72% |     8016835      6.25%     24.97% |     8015978      6.25%     31.22% |     8055852      6.28%     37.50% |     8052638      6.28%     43.78% |     8056763      6.28%     50.06% |     8015388      6.25%     56.31% |     8056138      6.28%     62.59% |     8042358      6.27%     68.86% |     8044468      6.27%     75.14% |     7992857      6.23%     81.37% |     7991806      6.23%     87.60% |     7977201      6.22%     93.82% |     7923122      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ifetch::total         128245746                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Store              |      420386      6.21%      6.21% |      416838      6.16%     12.38% |      419043      6.19%     18.57% |      422036      6.24%     24.81% |      424625      6.28%     31.08% |      428559      6.33%     37.42% |      429591      6.35%     43.77% |      429336      6.35%     50.12% |      426217      6.30%     56.42% |      428602      6.34%     62.75% |      428024      6.33%     69.08% |      427236      6.32%     75.39% |      421332      6.23%     81.62% |      420306      6.21%     87.83% |      416695      6.16%     93.99% |      406343      6.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Store::total            6765169                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1_Replacement     |       59420      6.17%      6.17% |       58169      6.04%     12.22% |       59976      6.23%     18.45% |       58391      6.07%     24.52% |       62144      6.46%     30.98% |       58272      6.06%     37.03% |       60431      6.28%     43.31% |       59218      6.15%     49.47% |       64273      6.68%     56.15% |       58699      6.10%     62.25% |       60406      6.28%     68.52% |       59024      6.13%     74.66% |       62565      6.50%     81.16% |       60591      6.30%     87.45% |       59099      6.14%     93.60% |       61626      6.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1_Replacement::total       962304                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Own_GETX           |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Own_GETX::total               9                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETX           |         759      3.30%      3.30% |        1880      8.17%     11.47% |        2347     10.20%     21.68% |         739      3.21%     24.89% |         896      3.90%     28.78% |        3472     15.09%     43.88% |        3310     14.39%     58.27% |         663      2.88%     61.15% |         708      3.08%     64.23% |        2162      9.40%     73.63% |        2035      8.85%     82.48% |         738      3.21%     85.68% |         773      3.36%     89.04% |         724      3.15%     92.19% |         807      3.51%     95.70% |         989      4.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETX::total           23002                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETS           |        2708     11.72%     11.72% |        2008      8.69%     20.42% |        1225      5.30%     25.72% |        1579      6.84%     32.56% |         998      4.32%     36.88% |        2047      8.86%     45.74% |        1002      4.34%     50.08% |        1602      6.94%     57.01% |        1167      5.05%     62.06% |        3003     13.00%     75.06% |         939      4.07%     79.13% |        1082      4.68%     83.81% |        1053      4.56%     88.37% |         567      2.45%     90.83% |        1233      5.34%     96.16% |         886      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETS::total           23099                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Inv                |          91      3.84%      3.84% |         132      5.56%      9.40% |         207      8.73%     18.13% |         134      5.65%     23.78% |         128      5.40%     29.17% |         168      7.08%     36.26% |         434     18.30%     54.55% |         177      7.46%     62.02% |         130      5.48%     67.50% |         174      7.34%     74.83% |         157      6.62%     81.45% |         151      6.37%     87.82% |          95      4.01%     91.82% |          86      3.63%     95.45% |          81      3.41%     98.86% |          27      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Inv::total                 2372                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ack                |         881      3.49%      3.49% |        2180      8.63%     12.12% |        2494      9.88%     22.00% |         807      3.20%     25.20% |        1045      4.14%     29.33% |        3609     14.29%     43.63% |        3263     12.92%     56.55% |         760      3.01%     59.56% |        1323      5.24%     64.80% |        2193      8.68%     73.48% |        1918      7.60%     81.08% |         804      3.18%     84.26% |        1042      4.13%     88.39% |         921      3.65%     92.04% |        1005      3.98%     96.02% |        1006      3.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ack::total                25251                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Data               |         475      3.74%      3.74% |         273      2.15%      5.89% |         791      6.23%     12.12% |         343      2.70%     14.82% |        1099      8.65%     23.47% |         352      2.77%     26.24% |        1015      7.99%     34.23% |         632      4.98%     39.21% |        1298     10.22%     49.43% |         378      2.98%     52.40% |         973      7.66%     60.06% |         616      4.85%     64.91% |        1077      8.48%     73.39% |        1238      9.75%     83.14% |         926      7.29%     90.43% |        1216      9.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Data::total               12702                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Exclusive_Data     |       60533      6.21%      6.21% |       59770      6.13%     12.35% |       61369      6.30%     18.65% |       59354      6.09%     24.74% |       62269      6.39%     31.13% |       60264      6.19%     37.32% |       61496      6.31%     43.63% |       59888      6.15%     49.77% |       64092      6.58%     56.35% |       60340      6.19%     62.55% |       61218      6.28%     68.83% |       59699      6.13%     74.96% |       62580      6.42%     81.38% |       60455      6.21%     87.58% |       59455      6.10%     93.69% |       61507      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Exclusive_Data::total       974289                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack      |         312      3.99%      3.99% |          17      0.22%      4.21% |         425      5.44%      9.64% |          37      0.47%     10.12% |         794     10.15%     20.27% |          33      0.42%     20.69% |         402      5.14%     25.83% |         296      3.79%     29.62% |        1023     13.08%     42.70% |          37      0.47%     43.18% |         638      8.16%     51.34% |         297      3.80%     55.13% |         812     10.38%     65.52% |         976     12.48%     78.00% |         681      8.71%     86.71% |        1039     13.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack::total         7819                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack_Data |       58208      6.23%      6.23% |       56793      6.08%     12.31% |       57824      6.19%     18.51% |       57532      6.16%     24.67% |       60226      6.45%     31.11% |       55767      5.97%     37.09% |       57052      6.11%     43.20% |       58147      6.23%     49.42% |       62377      6.68%     56.10% |       57159      6.12%     62.22% |       58063      6.22%     68.44% |       57905      6.20%     74.64% |       60826      6.51%     81.15% |       58731      6.29%     87.44% |       57657      6.17%     93.61% |       59636      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       933903                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Nack     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.All_acks           |       40119      6.16%      6.16% |       40436      6.21%     12.37% |       41380      6.36%     18.73% |       39927      6.13%     24.86% |       41047      6.31%     31.17% |       40781      6.26%     37.43% |       41320      6.35%     43.78% |       40234      6.18%     49.96% |       41675      6.40%     56.36% |       40779      6.26%     62.63% |       41038      6.30%     68.93% |       40003      6.14%     75.08% |       40988      6.30%     81.37% |       40420      6.21%     87.58% |       39925      6.13%     93.71% |       40925      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.All_acks::total          650997                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Use_Timeout        |       60533      6.21%      6.21% |       59770      6.13%     12.35% |       61370      6.30%     18.65% |       59354      6.09%     24.74% |       62269      6.39%     31.13% |       60265      6.19%     37.32% |       61496      6.31%     43.63% |       59888      6.15%     49.77% |       64093      6.58%     56.35% |       60341      6.19%     62.55% |       61219      6.28%     68.83% |       59700      6.13%     74.96% |       62580      6.42%     81.38% |       60456      6.21%     87.58% |       59456      6.10%     93.69% |       61507      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Use_Timeout::total       974297                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Load             |       20211      6.07%      6.07% |       19456      5.84%     11.91% |       20622      6.19%     18.10% |       19617      5.89%     23.99% |       22163      6.65%     30.65% |       19697      5.91%     36.56% |       21028      6.31%     42.88% |       20137      6.05%     48.92% |       23568      7.08%     56.00% |       19792      5.94%     61.94% |       20992      6.30%     68.25% |       20164      6.05%     74.30% |       22521      6.76%     81.06% |       21117      6.34%     87.40% |       20309      6.10%     93.50% |       21643      6.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Load::total            333037                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Ifetch           |         679     22.89%     22.89% |         151      5.09%     27.98% |         159      5.36%     33.34% |         153      5.16%     38.50% |         158      5.33%     43.83% |         139      4.69%     48.52% |         163      5.50%     54.01% |         149      5.02%     59.04% |         148      4.99%     64.03% |         148      4.99%     69.02% |         162      5.46%     74.48% |         149      5.02%     79.50% |         148      4.99%     84.49% |         157      5.29%     89.78% |         148      4.99%     94.77% |         155      5.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Ifetch::total            2966                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Store            |       40100      6.16%      6.16% |       40420      6.21%     12.37% |       41361      6.36%     18.73% |       39909      6.13%     24.86% |       41029      6.31%     31.17% |       40766      6.26%     37.43% |       41301      6.35%     43.78% |       40219      6.18%     49.96% |       41661      6.40%     56.36% |       40762      6.26%     62.63% |       41017      6.30%     68.93% |       39985      6.14%     75.08% |       40968      6.30%     81.37% |       40403      6.21%     87.58% |       39906      6.13%     93.71% |       40912      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Store::total           650719                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.L1_Replacement   |         900      4.37%      4.37% |        1359      6.60%     10.98% |        1727      8.39%     19.37% |         822      3.99%     23.36% |        1124      5.46%     28.82% |        2472     12.01%     40.83% |        2977     14.46%     55.30% |         775      3.77%     59.06% |         873      4.24%     63.31% |        1503      7.30%     70.61% |        1705      8.28%     78.89% |         822      3.99%     82.89% |         927      4.50%     87.39% |         884      4.30%     91.69% |         761      3.70%     95.38% |         950      4.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.L1_Replacement::total        20581                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Load             |       72594      6.07%      6.07% |       37797      3.16%      9.23% |       76216      6.37%     15.60% |       78352      6.55%     22.15% |       76921      6.43%     28.58% |       72672      6.08%     34.66% |       84628      7.08%     41.74% |       84267      7.05%     48.78% |       75230      6.29%     55.07% |       80785      6.75%     61.83% |       80340      6.72%     68.54% |       84337      7.05%     75.59% |       76245      6.37%     81.97% |       80081      6.70%     88.67% |       78967      6.60%     95.27% |       56599      4.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Load::total           1196031                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Ifetch           |     7956799      6.63%      6.63% |     1809702      1.51%      8.14% |     7990492      6.66%     14.80% |     8016653      6.68%     21.47% |     8015806      6.68%     28.15% |     8041272      6.70%     34.85% |     8044184      6.70%     41.56% |     8056534      6.71%     48.27% |     7205410      6.00%     54.27% |     8055990      6.71%     60.98% |     8027771      6.69%     67.67% |     8044319      6.70%     74.38% |     7992709      6.66%     81.04% |     7991649      6.66%     87.69% |     7977053      6.65%     94.34% |     6791567      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Ifetch::total       120017910                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Store            |          18      6.69%      6.69% |          16      5.95%     12.64% |          18      6.69%     19.33% |          18      6.69%     26.02% |          18      6.69%     32.71% |          14      5.20%     37.92% |          19      7.06%     44.98% |          15      5.58%     50.56% |          13      4.83%     55.39% |          16      5.95%     61.34% |          20      7.43%     68.77% |          17      6.32%     75.09% |          20      7.43%     82.53% |          16      5.95%     88.48% |          18      6.69%     95.17% |          13      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Store::total              269                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.L1_Replacement   |         313      4.00%      4.00% |          17      0.22%      4.22% |         425      5.43%      9.65% |          37      0.47%     10.13% |         794     10.15%     20.28% |          33      0.42%     20.70% |         402      5.14%     25.84% |         296      3.79%     29.63% |        1023     13.08%     42.71% |          37      0.47%     43.18% |         638      8.16%     51.34% |         297      3.80%     55.14% |         812     10.38%     65.52% |         976     12.48%     78.01% |         681      8.71%     86.71% |        1039     13.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.L1_Replacement::total         7820                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Inv              |          88      3.74%      3.74% |         130      5.53%      9.27% |         207      8.80%     18.07% |         134      5.70%     23.77% |         128      5.44%     29.21% |         168      7.14%     36.35% |         433     18.41%     54.76% |         174      7.40%     62.16% |         130      5.53%     67.69% |         174      7.40%     75.09% |         155      6.59%     81.68% |         150      6.38%     88.05% |          94      4.00%     92.05% |          86      3.66%     95.71% |          76      3.23%     98.94% |          25      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Inv::total               2352                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Load             |          97      0.11%      0.11% |       37702     43.39%     43.50% |        1382      1.59%     45.09% |        1396      1.61%     46.70% |        2119      2.44%     49.14% |       15246     17.55%     66.69% |        5044      5.81%     72.49% |        4538      5.22%     77.71% |        2482      2.86%     80.57% |        6763      7.78%     88.35% |        5938      6.83%     95.19% |        3095      3.56%     98.75% |         237      0.27%     99.02% |          79      0.09%     99.11% |         608      0.70%     99.81% |         162      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Load::total             86888                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Ifetch           |        1135      0.01%      0.01% |     6172755     76.37%     76.38% |           0      0.00%     76.38% |          10      0.00%     76.38% |           7      0.00%     76.38% |       11865      0.15%     76.53% |        8223      0.10%     76.63% |          51      0.00%     76.63% |      809577     10.02%     86.65% |           0      0.00%     86.65% |       14340      0.18%     86.83% |           0      0.00%     86.83% |           0      0.00%     86.83% |           0      0.00%     86.83% |           0      0.00%     86.83% |     1064739     13.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Ifetch::total         8082702                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Store            |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Store::total                9                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.L1_Replacement   |         448     12.41%     12.41% |         276      7.64%     20.05% |           3      0.08%     20.13% |         503     13.93%     34.06% |           2      0.06%     34.12% |         361     10.00%     44.12% |           0      0.00%     44.12% |         519     14.37%     58.49% |          93      2.58%     61.06% |         470     13.02%     74.08% |           1      0.03%     74.11% |         412     11.41%     85.52% |         129      3.57%     89.09% |           0      0.00%     89.09% |         387     10.72%     99.81% |           7      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.L1_Replacement::total         3611                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETX         |          11      1.86%      1.86% |          30      5.08%      6.95% |          24      4.07%     11.02% |          23      3.90%     14.92% |          16      2.71%     17.63% |          50      8.47%     26.10% |          28      4.75%     30.85% |          28      4.75%     35.59% |          25      4.24%     39.83% |          40      6.78%     46.61% |          21      3.56%     50.17% |          10      1.69%     51.86% |           9      1.53%     53.39% |           7      1.19%     54.58% |           8      1.36%     55.93% |         260     44.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETX::total           590                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETS         |        1417     17.70%     17.70% |         857     10.70%     28.40% |         265      3.31%     31.71% |         287      3.58%     35.29% |         192      2.40%     37.69% |         876     10.94%     48.63% |         181      2.26%     50.89% |         389      4.86%     55.75% |         418      5.22%     60.97% |        1858     23.20%     84.18% |         202      2.52%     86.70% |          74      0.92%     87.62% |         417      5.21%     92.83% |          44      0.55%     93.38% |         320      4.00%     97.38% |         210      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETS::total          8007                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Load             |      121921      6.23%      6.23% |      116517      5.95%     12.18% |      121878      6.23%     18.41% |      118367      6.05%     24.46% |      128308      6.56%     31.01% |      118236      6.04%     37.05% |      122619      6.26%     43.32% |      119447      6.10%     49.42% |      134900      6.89%     56.31% |      118430      6.05%     62.36% |      122624      6.27%     68.63% |      119190      6.09%     74.72% |      129990      6.64%     81.36% |      122108      6.24%     87.60% |      118392      6.05%     93.65% |      124355      6.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Load::total           1957282                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Ifetch           |       61178     44.27%     44.27% |        6360      4.60%     48.87% |        1255      0.91%     49.78% |           9      0.01%     49.78% |           0      0.00%     49.78% |        2545      1.84%     51.62% |          48      0.03%     51.66% |          12      0.01%     51.67% |         147      0.11%     51.77% |           0      0.00%     51.77% |          74      0.05%     51.83% |           0      0.00%     51.83% |           0      0.00%     51.83% |           0      0.00%     51.83% |           0      0.00%     51.83% |       66577     48.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Ifetch::total          138205                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Store            |        1580      7.17%      7.17% |        1531      6.95%     14.13% |        1438      6.53%     20.65% |        1303      5.92%     26.57% |        1251      5.68%     32.25% |        1212      5.50%     37.75% |        1348      6.12%     43.87% |        1273      5.78%     49.65% |        1360      6.18%     55.83% |        1242      5.64%     61.47% |        1278      5.80%     67.27% |        1229      5.58%     72.85% |        1386      6.29%     79.15% |        1450      6.58%     85.73% |        1514      6.87%     92.60% |        1629      7.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Store::total            22024                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.L1_Replacement   |       16795      6.13%      6.13% |       16221      5.92%     12.05% |       17049      6.22%     18.28% |       16259      5.94%     24.21% |       18293      6.68%     30.89% |       16383      5.98%     36.87% |       17248      6.30%     43.17% |       16422      5.99%     49.16% |       19460      7.10%     56.26% |       16297      5.95%     62.21% |       17224      6.29%     68.50% |       16538      6.04%     74.54% |       18540      6.77%     81.31% |       17268      6.30%     87.61% |       16428      6.00%     93.61% |       17513      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.L1_Replacement::total       273938                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETX         |          10      1.39%      1.39% |           7      0.97%      2.35% |         165     22.85%     25.21% |           8      1.11%     26.32% |         158     21.88%     48.20% |           8      1.11%     49.31% |         102     14.13%     63.43% |           5      0.69%     64.13% |          17      2.35%     66.48% |           7      0.97%     67.45% |         133     18.42%     85.87% |           6      0.83%     86.70% |          67      9.28%     95.98% |           9      1.25%     97.23% |           4      0.55%     97.78% |          16      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETX::total           722                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETS         |         506     11.57%     11.57% |         344      7.86%     19.43% |          49      1.12%     20.55% |         528     12.07%     32.62% |          20      0.46%     33.08% |         417      9.53%     42.62% |          33      0.75%     43.37% |         552     12.62%     55.99% |         138      3.16%     59.14% |         511     11.68%     70.83% |          28      0.64%     71.47% |         423      9.67%     81.14% |         138      3.16%     84.29% |           8      0.18%     84.48% |         396      9.05%     93.53% |         283      6.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETS::total          4374                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Load           |         579      3.63%      3.63% |         331      2.07%      5.70% |         897      5.62%     11.32% |         339      2.12%     13.44% |        1998     12.51%     25.95% |         346      2.17%     28.12% |        1030      6.45%     34.57% |         527      3.30%     37.87% |        3114     19.50%     57.37% |         350      2.19%     59.56% |        1028      6.44%     66.00% |         508      3.18%     69.18% |        2282     14.29%     83.47% |         927      5.81%     89.28% |         380      2.38%     91.66% |        1332      8.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Load::total           15968                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Ifetch         |        3323     83.85%     83.85% |         265      6.69%     90.54% |          89      2.25%     92.78% |          10      0.25%     93.04% |           7      0.18%     93.21% |          31      0.78%     93.99% |          20      0.50%     94.50% |          17      0.43%     94.93% |         106      2.67%     97.60% |           0      0.00%     97.60% |          11      0.28%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |          84      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Ifetch::total          3963                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Store          |         974      4.94%      4.94% |        1094      5.54%     10.48% |        1153      5.84%     16.32% |        1202      6.09%     22.41% |        1369      6.94%     29.35% |        1341      6.80%     36.14% |        1320      6.69%     42.83% |        1265      6.41%     49.24% |        1315      6.66%     55.91% |        1376      6.97%     62.88% |        1390      7.04%     69.92% |        1369      6.94%     76.86% |        1334      6.76%     83.62% |        1174      5.95%     89.57% |        1053      5.34%     94.90% |        1006      5.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Store::total          19735                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETX       |           6     16.67%     16.67% |           5     13.89%     30.56% |           0      0.00%     30.56% |           9     25.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           9     25.00%     80.56% |           0      0.00%     80.56% |           2      5.56%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |           3      8.33%     94.44% |           1      2.78%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           1      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           36                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETS       |          38      4.39%      4.39% |         139     16.05%     20.44% |         104     12.01%     32.45% |          88     10.16%     42.61% |          56      6.47%     49.08% |         133     15.36%     64.43% |          67      7.74%     72.17% |          52      6.00%     78.18% |          68      7.85%     86.03% |          41      4.73%     90.76% |          16      1.85%     92.61% |          16      1.85%     94.46% |           0      0.00%     94.46% |           0      0.00%     94.46% |          30      3.46%     97.92% |          18      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          866                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Use_Timeout    |       19440      6.40%      6.40% |       18240      6.01%     12.41% |       18837      6.21%     18.62% |       18225      6.00%     24.62% |       19853      6.54%     31.16% |       18143      5.98%     37.14% |       18856      6.21%     43.35% |       18389      6.06%     49.41% |       21103      6.95%     56.36% |       18186      5.99%     62.35% |       18791      6.19%     68.54% |       18328      6.04%     74.58% |       20258      6.67%     81.25% |       18862      6.21%     87.46% |       18478      6.09%     93.55% |       19576      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       303565                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Load            |      140919      6.22%      6.22% |      150846      6.66%     12.88% |      141031      6.23%     19.11% |      150370      6.64%     25.75% |      138113      6.10%     31.85% |      155565      6.87%     38.71% |      145285      6.41%     45.13% |      150422      6.64%     51.77% |      129305      5.71%     57.48% |      155683      6.87%     64.35% |      145109      6.41%     70.76% |      147964      6.53%     77.29% |      127946      5.65%     82.94% |      132411      5.85%     88.79% |      131392      5.80%     94.59% |      122537      5.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Load::total          2264898                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Store           |      375000      6.23%      6.23% |      371163      6.16%     12.39% |      371869      6.17%     18.56% |      376881      6.26%     24.82% |      377076      6.26%     31.08% |      382490      6.35%     37.43% |      382355      6.35%     43.78% |      383902      6.37%     50.16% |      377591      6.27%     56.43% |      382428      6.35%     62.78% |      380969      6.33%     69.10% |      381812      6.34%     75.44% |      373747      6.21%     81.65% |      374044      6.21%     87.86% |      371645      6.17%     94.03% |      359702      5.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Store::total         6022674                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.L1_Replacement  |       40964      6.24%      6.24% |       40296      6.14%     12.38% |       40772      6.21%     18.59% |       40770      6.21%     24.80% |       41931      6.39%     31.19% |       39023      5.95%     37.14% |       39804      6.06%     43.20% |       41206      6.28%     49.48% |       42824      6.52%     56.00% |       40392      6.15%     62.16% |       40838      6.22%     68.38% |       40955      6.24%     74.62% |       42157      6.42%     81.04% |       41463      6.32%     87.36% |       40842      6.22%     93.58% |       42117      6.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.L1_Replacement::total       656354                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETX        |         732      3.40%      3.40% |        1821      8.45%     11.85% |        2149      9.97%     21.82% |         696      3.23%     25.05% |         720      3.34%     28.39% |        3380     15.69%     44.08% |        3167     14.70%     58.78% |         628      2.91%     61.69% |         660      3.06%     64.76% |        2101      9.75%     74.51% |        1872      8.69%     83.19% |         716      3.32%     86.52% |         692      3.21%     89.73% |         707      3.28%     93.01% |         795      3.69%     96.70% |         711      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETX::total        21547                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETS        |         633      7.00%      7.00% |         579      6.40%     13.40% |         687      7.59%     20.99% |         588      6.50%     27.49% |         644      7.12%     34.61% |         565      6.25%     40.86% |         660      7.30%     48.15% |         571      6.31%     54.47% |         489      5.41%     59.87% |         572      6.32%     66.20% |         662      7.32%     73.51% |         560      6.19%     79.70% |         488      5.39%     85.10% |         504      5.57%     90.67% |         486      5.37%     96.04% |         358      3.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         9046                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Load          |         306      6.44%      6.44% |         303      6.38%     12.82% |         296      6.23%     19.04% |         294      6.19%     25.23% |         299      6.29%     31.52% |         289      6.08%     37.61% |         294      6.19%     43.79% |         290      6.10%     49.89% |         289      6.08%     55.98% |         291      6.12%     62.10% |         300      6.31%     68.41% |         295      6.21%     74.62% |         299      6.29%     80.91% |         298      6.27%     87.18% |         310      6.52%     93.71% |         299      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Load::total           4752                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Store         |        2713      5.45%      5.45% |        2614      5.26%     10.71% |        3202      6.44%     17.15% |        2723      5.48%     22.62% |        3882      7.81%     30.43% |        2735      5.50%     35.93% |        3248      6.53%     42.46% |        2661      5.35%     47.81% |        4276      8.60%     56.41% |        2777      5.58%     61.99% |        3349      6.73%     68.72% |        2823      5.68%     74.40% |        3876      7.79%     82.19% |        3218      6.47%     88.66% |        2558      5.14%     93.81% |        3080      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Store::total         49735                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETX      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     14.58%     14.58% |           8      8.33%     22.92% |           3      3.12%     26.04% |           2      2.08%     28.12% |          23     23.96%     52.08% |          12     12.50%     64.58% |           0      0.00%     64.58% |           5      5.21%     69.79% |          11     11.46%     81.25% |           8      8.33%     89.58% |           6      6.25%     95.83% |           4      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           96                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETS      |         113     14.11%     14.11% |          89     11.11%     25.22% |         117     14.61%     39.83% |          88     10.99%     50.81% |          86     10.74%     61.55% |          56      6.99%     68.54% |          61      7.62%     76.15% |          38      4.74%     80.90% |          54      6.74%     87.64% |          21      2.62%     90.26% |          31      3.87%     94.13% |           9      1.12%     95.26% |          10      1.25%     96.50% |          11      1.37%     97.88% |           1      0.12%     98.00% |          16      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          801                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Use_Timeout   |       41093      6.13%      6.13% |       41530      6.19%     12.32% |       42533      6.34%     18.66% |       41129      6.13%     24.79% |       42416      6.32%     31.12% |       42122      6.28%     37.40% |       42640      6.36%     43.75% |       41499      6.19%     49.94% |       42990      6.41%     56.35% |       42155      6.28%     62.63% |       42428      6.33%     68.96% |       41372      6.17%     75.13% |       42322      6.31%     81.44% |       41594      6.20%     87.64% |       40978      6.11%     93.75% |       41931      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       670732                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Ack             |         709      3.06%      3.06% |        2034      8.79%     11.86% |        2352     10.17%     22.02% |         693      3.00%     25.02% |         818      3.54%     28.55% |        3539     15.30%     43.85% |        3182     13.75%     57.61% |         697      3.01%     60.62% |        1132      4.89%     65.51% |        2136      9.23%     74.74% |        1819      7.86%     82.61% |         702      3.03%     85.64% |         878      3.80%     89.44% |         760      3.29%     92.72% |         875      3.78%     96.50% |         809      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Ack::total             23135                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Exclusive_Data  |       40103      6.16%      6.16% |       40422      6.21%     12.37% |       41361      6.36%     18.73% |       39909      6.13%     24.86% |       41029      6.30%     31.17% |       40766      6.26%     37.43% |       41302      6.35%     43.78% |       40222      6.18%     49.96% |       41661      6.40%     56.36% |       40762      6.26%     62.63% |       41019      6.30%     68.93% |       39986      6.14%     75.07% |       40969      6.30%     81.37% |       40403      6.21%     87.58% |       39911      6.13%     93.71% |       40914      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       650739                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Inv             |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           2     10.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           3     15.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           2     10.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           5     25.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Inv::total                20                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Ack             |          79      7.28%      7.28% |          40      3.69%     10.97% |          69      6.36%     17.33% |          42      3.87%     21.20% |          64      5.90%     27.10% |          36      3.32%     30.41% |          47      4.33%     34.75% |          37      3.41%     38.16% |          63      5.81%     43.96% |          32      2.95%     46.91% |          73      6.73%     53.64% |          83      7.65%     61.29% |         103      9.49%     70.78% |         110     10.14%     80.92% |         104      9.59%     90.51% |         103      9.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Ack::total              1085                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Exclusive_Data  |          15      6.02%      6.02% |          14      5.62%     11.65% |          18      7.23%     18.88% |          18      7.23%     26.10% |          18      7.23%     33.33% |          14      5.62%     38.96% |          18      7.23%     46.18% |          12      4.82%     51.00% |          13      5.22%     56.22% |          16      6.43%     62.65% |          18      7.23%     69.88% |          16      6.43%     76.31% |          19      7.63%     83.94% |          16      6.43%     90.36% |          13      5.22%     95.58% |          11      4.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Exclusive_Data::total          249                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Own_GETX        |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Own_GETX::total            9                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETS        |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Ack             |          93      9.02%      9.02% |         106     10.28%     19.30% |          73      7.08%     26.38% |          72      6.98%     33.37% |         163     15.81%     49.18% |          34      3.30%     52.47% |          34      3.30%     55.77% |          26      2.52%     58.29% |         128     12.42%     70.71% |          25      2.42%     73.13% |          26      2.52%     75.65% |          19      1.84%     77.50% |          61      5.92%     83.41% |          51      4.95%     88.36% |          26      2.52%     90.88% |          94      9.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Ack::total              1031                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.All_acks        |       40119      6.16%      6.16% |       40436      6.21%     12.37% |       41380      6.36%     18.73% |       39927      6.13%     24.86% |       41047      6.31%     31.17% |       40781      6.26%     37.43% |       41320      6.35%     43.78% |       40234      6.18%     49.96% |       41675      6.40%     56.36% |       40779      6.26%     62.63% |       41038      6.30%     68.93% |       40003      6.14%     75.08% |       40988      6.30%     81.37% |       40420      6.21%     87.58% |       39925      6.13%     93.71% |       40925      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.All_acks::total       650997                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Data            |         475      3.74%      3.74% |         273      2.15%      5.89% |         791      6.23%     12.12% |         343      2.70%     14.82% |        1099      8.65%     23.47% |         352      2.77%     26.24% |        1015      7.99%     34.23% |         632      4.98%     39.21% |        1298     10.22%     49.43% |         378      2.98%     52.40% |         973      7.66%     60.06% |         616      4.85%     64.91% |        1077      8.48%     73.39% |        1238      9.75%     83.14% |         926      7.29%     90.43% |        1216      9.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Data::total            12702                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Data  |       20415      6.31%      6.31% |       19334      5.98%     12.29% |       19990      6.18%     18.48% |       19427      6.01%     24.49% |       21222      6.56%     31.05% |       19484      6.03%     37.08% |       20176      6.24%     43.32% |       19654      6.08%     49.40% |       22418      6.93%     56.33% |       19562      6.05%     62.38% |       20181      6.24%     68.62% |       19697      6.09%     74.72% |       21592      6.68%     81.40% |       20036      6.20%     87.59% |       19531      6.04%     93.63% |       20582      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       323301                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack   |         312      3.99%      3.99% |          17      0.22%      4.21% |         425      5.44%      9.64% |          37      0.47%     10.12% |         794     10.15%     20.27% |          33      0.42%     20.69% |         402      5.14%     25.83% |         296      3.79%     29.62% |        1023     13.08%     42.70% |          37      0.47%     43.18% |         638      8.16%     51.34% |         297      3.80%     55.13% |         812     10.38%     65.52% |         976     12.48%     78.00% |         681      8.71%     86.71% |        1039     13.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack::total         7819                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total            1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Fwd_GETX        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         448     12.41%     12.41% |         276      7.64%     20.05% |           3      0.08%     20.13% |         503     13.93%     34.06% |           2      0.06%     34.12% |         361     10.00%     44.12% |           0      0.00%     44.12% |         519     14.37%     58.49% |          93      2.58%     61.06% |         470     13.02%     74.08% |           1      0.03%     74.11% |         412     11.41%     85.52% |         129      3.57%     89.09% |           0      0.00%     89.09% |         387     10.72%     99.81% |           7      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         3611                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Store           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Store::total               4                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETX        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     20.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETX::total           10                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       57759      6.21%      6.21% |       56514      6.07%     12.28% |       57820      6.22%     18.50% |       57029      6.13%     24.63% |       60224      6.47%     31.10% |       55404      5.96%     37.06% |       57051      6.13%     43.19% |       57628      6.19%     49.39% |       62283      6.70%     56.08% |       56689      6.09%     62.17% |       58062      6.24%     68.42% |       57493      6.18%     74.60% |       60696      6.52%     81.12% |       58731      6.31%     87.43% |       57270      6.16%     93.59% |       59628      6.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       930281                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     20.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total           10                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Nack  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETS            |       21288      5.04%      5.04% |       99570     23.57%     28.61% |       29030      6.87%     35.49% |       20954      4.96%     40.45% |       20942      4.96%     45.40% |       20915      4.95%     50.36% |       20944      4.96%     55.31% |       20908      4.95%     60.26% |       20954      4.96%     65.22% |       20932      4.96%     70.18% |       20836      4.93%     75.11% |       20832      4.93%     80.04% |       21068      4.99%     85.03% |       21061      4.99%     90.02% |       20772      4.92%     94.94% |       21392      5.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETS::total           422398                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETX            |       40921      6.24%      6.24% |       44953      6.86%     13.10% |       40280      6.14%     19.24% |       40227      6.14%     25.38% |       40118      6.12%     31.50% |       40375      6.16%     37.66% |       40542      6.18%     43.84% |       40518      6.18%     50.02% |       40815      6.23%     56.25% |       41270      6.30%     62.55% |       40990      6.25%     68.80% |       41182      6.28%     75.08% |       40805      6.22%     81.31% |       40912      6.24%     87.55% |       40938      6.24%     93.79% |       40698      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETX::total           655544                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTO            |         236      6.50%      6.50% |         240      6.61%     13.11% |         225      6.19%     19.30% |         230      6.33%     25.63% |         229      6.31%     31.94% |         225      6.19%     38.13% |         226      6.22%     44.36% |         227      6.25%     50.61% |         224      6.17%     56.77% |         217      5.97%     62.75% |         223      6.14%     68.89% |         224      6.17%     75.06% |         222      6.11%     81.17% |         227      6.25%     87.42% |         232      6.39%     93.81% |         225      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTO::total             3632                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTX            |       58377      6.27%      6.27% |       57515      6.18%     12.46% |       57547      6.19%     18.64% |       57765      6.21%     24.85% |       57626      6.19%     31.05% |       57832      6.22%     37.26% |       58032      6.24%     43.50% |       58046      6.24%     49.74% |       58352      6.27%     56.01% |       58833      6.32%     62.33% |       58432      6.28%     68.62% |       58691      6.31%     74.92% |       58439      6.28%     81.21% |       58451      6.28%     87.49% |       58293      6.27%     93.75% |       58107      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTX::total           930338                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS_only       |         222      6.31%      6.31% |         224      6.36%     12.67% |         219      6.22%     18.89% |         223      6.34%     25.23% |         223      6.34%     31.56% |         216      6.14%     37.70% |         218      6.19%     43.89% |         219      6.22%     50.11% |         220      6.25%     56.36% |         212      6.02%     62.39% |         219      6.22%     68.61% |         219      6.22%     74.83% |         215      6.11%     80.94% |         224      6.36%     87.30% |         226      6.42%     93.72% |         221      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS_only::total         3520                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS            |         258      5.79%      5.79% |         322      7.22%     13.01% |         265      5.95%     18.96% |         409      9.18%     28.14% |         303      6.80%     34.93% |         257      5.77%     40.70% |         268      6.01%     46.71% |         257      5.77%     52.48% |         290      6.51%     58.99% |         230      5.16%     64.15% |         252      5.65%     69.80% |         247      5.54%     75.34% |         249      5.59%     80.93% |         248      5.56%     86.49% |         245      5.50%     91.99% |         357      8.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS::total             4457                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.All_Acks           |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.All_Acks::total          220645                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data               |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data::total              220645                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data_Exclusive     |        7400      6.19%      6.19% |        7481      6.26%     12.45% |        7438      6.22%     18.68% |        7457      6.24%     24.92% |        7475      6.26%     31.18% |        7477      6.26%     37.43% |        7420      6.21%     43.64% |        7444      6.23%     49.87% |        7455      6.24%     56.11% |        7515      6.29%     62.40% |        7504      6.28%     68.68% |        7489      6.27%     74.95% |        7489      6.27%     81.22% |        7507      6.28%     87.50% |        7461      6.24%     93.74% |        7477      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data_Exclusive::total       119489                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBCLEANDATA     |        7795      6.21%      6.21% |        7875      6.28%     12.49% |        7794      6.21%     18.70% |        7836      6.25%     24.95% |        7859      6.26%     31.21% |        7891      6.29%     37.50% |        7811      6.23%     43.73% |        7804      6.22%     49.95% |        7833      6.24%     56.19% |        7896      6.29%     62.48% |        7818      6.23%     68.72% |        7805      6.22%     74.94% |        7947      6.33%     81.27% |        7887      6.29%     87.56% |        7797      6.21%     93.77% |        7815      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total       125463                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     |       50799      6.28%      6.28% |       49872      6.17%     12.45% |       49974      6.18%     18.63% |       50160      6.20%     24.84% |       49996      6.18%     31.02% |       50166      6.21%     37.23% |       50443      6.24%     43.47% |       50464      6.24%     49.71% |       50743      6.28%     55.99% |       51146      6.33%     62.31% |       50831      6.29%     68.60% |       51110      6.32%     74.92% |       50709      6.27%     81.20% |       50789      6.28%     87.48% |       50712      6.27%     93.75% |       50516      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total       808430                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack      |       16773      6.24%      6.24% |       16811      6.25%     12.49% |       16827      6.26%     18.75% |       16768      6.24%     24.99% |       16759      6.23%     31.22% |       16803      6.25%     37.47% |       16783      6.24%     43.71% |       16698      6.21%     49.92% |       16770      6.24%     56.16% |       16963      6.31%     62.47% |       16804      6.25%     68.72% |       16774      6.24%     74.96% |       16812      6.25%     81.21% |       16849      6.27%     87.48% |       16782      6.24%     93.72% |       16892      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack::total       268868                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Unblock            |        1145      5.58%      5.58% |        3185     15.51%     21.09% |        1419      6.91%     28.00% |        1384      6.74%     34.74% |        1197      5.83%     40.57% |        1131      5.51%     46.08% |        1130      5.50%     51.59% |        1093      5.32%     56.91% |        1142      5.56%     62.47% |        1052      5.12%     67.60% |        1062      5.17%     72.77% |        1066      5.19%     77.96% |        1080      5.26%     83.22% |        1087      5.29%     88.51% |        1076      5.24%     93.76% |        1282      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Unblock::total            20531                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock  |       61191      6.28%      6.28% |       60890      6.25%     12.53% |       60264      6.19%     18.72% |       60336      6.19%     24.91% |       60268      6.19%     31.09% |       60557      6.22%     37.31% |       60769      6.24%     43.55% |       60786      6.24%     49.79% |       61098      6.27%     56.06% |       61556      6.32%     62.37% |       61214      6.28%     68.66% |       61387      6.30%     74.96% |       61091      6.27%     81.23% |       61138      6.28%     87.50% |       60982      6.26%     93.76% |       60771      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock::total       974298                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2_Replacement     |       16773      6.24%      6.24% |       16811      6.25%     12.49% |       16827      6.26%     18.75% |       16768      6.24%     24.99% |       16759      6.23%     31.22% |       16803      6.25%     37.47% |       16783      6.24%     43.71% |       16698      6.21%     49.92% |       16770      6.24%     56.16% |       16963      6.31%     62.47% |       16804      6.25%     68.72% |       16774      6.24%     74.96% |       16812      6.25%     81.21% |       16849      6.27%     87.48% |       16782      6.24%     93.72% |       16892      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2_Replacement::total       268868                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETS         |        7400      6.19%      6.19% |        7481      6.26%     12.45% |        7438      6.22%     18.68% |        7457      6.24%     24.92% |        7475      6.26%     31.18% |        7477      6.26%     37.43% |        7420      6.21%     43.64% |        7444      6.23%     49.87% |        7455      6.24%     56.11% |        7515      6.29%     62.40% |        7504      6.28%     68.68% |        7489      6.27%     74.95% |        7489      6.27%     81.22% |        7507      6.28%     87.50% |        7461      6.24%     93.74% |        7477      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETS::total        119489                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETX         |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETX::total        220645                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETS        |         876      6.53%      6.53% |        1428     10.64%     17.17% |         918      6.84%     24.01% |         788      5.87%     29.88% |         795      5.92%     35.80% |         831      6.19%     41.99% |         790      5.89%     47.88% |         801      5.97%     53.85% |         785      5.85%     59.70% |         755      5.63%     65.32% |         773      5.76%     71.08% |         784      5.84%     76.92% |         758      5.65%     82.57% |         772      5.75%     88.32% |         779      5.80%     94.13% |         788      5.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETS::total        13421                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETX        |        1444      6.48%      6.48% |        1444      6.48%     12.96% |        1277      5.73%     18.69% |        1280      5.75%     24.44% |        1319      5.92%     30.36% |        1363      6.12%     36.48% |        1427      6.41%     42.88% |        1414      6.35%     49.23% |        1443      6.48%     55.71% |        1458      6.54%     62.25% |        1489      6.68%     68.93% |        1390      6.24%     75.17% |        1379      6.19%     81.36% |        1395      6.26%     87.63% |        1402      6.29%     93.92% |        1355      6.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETX::total        22279                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTO        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTO::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTX        |       58366      6.27%      6.27% |       57515      6.18%     12.46% |       57545      6.19%     18.64% |       57765      6.21%     24.85% |       57626      6.19%     31.05% |       57832      6.22%     37.26% |       58029      6.24%     43.50% |       58044      6.24%     49.74% |       58352      6.27%     56.01% |       58827      6.32%     62.34% |       58427      6.28%     68.62% |       58691      6.31%     74.92% |       58435      6.28%     81.21% |       58451      6.28%     87.49% |       58279      6.26%     93.75% |       58107      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTX::total       930291                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETS       |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           1      5.26%     10.53% |           1      5.26%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           2     10.53%     47.37% |           2     10.53%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETS::total           19                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_PUTO       |          44      5.63%      5.63% |          45      5.75%     11.38% |          55      7.03%     18.41% |          52      6.65%     25.06% |          54      6.91%     31.97% |          46      5.88%     37.85% |          48      6.14%     43.99% |          48      6.14%     50.13% |          49      6.27%     56.39% |          50      6.39%     62.79% |          51      6.52%     69.31% |          44      5.63%     74.94% |          49      6.27%     81.20% |          47      6.01%     87.21% |          53      6.78%     93.99% |          47      6.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_PUTO::total          782                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETS      |         400      5.01%      5.01% |        2112     26.43%     31.43% |         626      7.83%     39.26% |         471      5.89%     45.16% |         411      5.14%     50.30% |         381      4.77%     55.07% |         377      4.72%     59.78% |         355      4.44%     64.23% |         375      4.69%     68.92% |         352      4.40%     73.32% |         332      4.15%     77.48% |         340      4.25%     81.73% |         354      4.43%     86.16% |         350      4.38%     90.54% |         334      4.18%     94.72% |         422      5.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETS::total         7992                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETX      |          16      2.67%      2.67% |         292     48.67%     51.33% |          67     11.17%     62.50% |          16      2.67%     65.17% |          16      2.67%     67.83% |          32      5.33%     73.17% |          16      2.67%     75.83% |          17      2.83%     78.67% |          18      3.00%     81.67% |          15      2.50%     84.17% |          16      2.67%     86.83% |          17      2.83%     89.67% |          16      2.67%     92.33% |          16      2.67%     95.00% |          14      2.33%     97.33% |          16      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETX::total          600                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTO      |         184      6.51%      6.51% |         187      6.61%     13.12% |         169      5.98%     19.09% |         178      6.29%     25.39% |         175      6.19%     31.58% |         179      6.33%     37.91% |         178      6.29%     44.20% |         177      6.26%     50.46% |         175      6.19%     56.65% |         167      5.91%     62.55% |         172      6.08%     68.64% |         180      6.36%     75.00% |         173      6.12%     81.12% |         178      6.29%     87.41% |         179      6.33%     93.74% |         177      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTO::total         2828                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTX      |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTX::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only |          45      5.62%      5.62% |          46      5.74%     11.36% |          56      6.99%     18.35% |          53      6.62%     24.97% |          55      6.87%     31.84% |          47      5.87%     37.70% |          49      6.12%     43.82% |          50      6.24%     50.06% |          51      6.37%     56.43% |          51      6.37%     62.80% |          52      6.49%     69.29% |          45      5.62%     74.91% |          50      6.24%     81.15% |          48      5.99%     87.14% |          54      6.74%     93.88% |          49      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only::total          801                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS      |         107      6.14%      6.14% |         142      8.15%     14.29% |         116      6.66%     20.95% |         133      7.63%     28.59% |          97      5.57%     34.16% |          86      4.94%     39.09% |          93      5.34%     44.43% |         107      6.14%     50.57% |         113      6.49%     57.06% |          86      4.94%     62.00% |          88      5.05%     67.05% |          97      5.57%     72.62% |         116      6.66%     79.28% |         122      7.00%     86.28% |         127      7.29%     93.57% |         112      6.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS::total         1742                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETS       |          15      4.75%      4.75% |          14      4.43%      9.18% |          18      5.70%     14.87% |          53     16.77%     31.65% |          16      5.06%     36.71% |          16      5.06%     41.77% |          14      4.43%     46.20% |          14      4.43%     50.63% |          15      4.75%     55.38% |          12      3.80%     59.18% |          12      3.80%     62.97% |          12      3.80%     66.77% |          15      4.75%     71.52% |          18      5.70%     77.22% |          16      5.06%     82.28% |          56     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETS::total          316                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETX       |           6      6.59%      6.59% |           8      8.79%     15.38% |           5      5.49%     20.88% |           5      5.49%     26.37% |           5      5.49%     31.87% |           6      6.59%     38.46% |           7      7.69%     46.15% |           6      6.59%     52.75% |           5      5.49%     58.24% |           7      7.69%     65.93% |           5      5.49%     71.43% |           5      5.49%     76.92% |           5      5.49%     82.42% |           5      5.49%     87.91% |           7      7.69%     95.60% |           4      4.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETX::total           91                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only  |         177      6.52%      6.52% |         178      6.56%     13.09% |         163      6.01%     19.09% |         170      6.27%     25.36% |         168      6.19%     31.55% |         169      6.23%     37.78% |         169      6.23%     44.01% |         169      6.23%     50.24% |         169      6.23%     56.47% |         160      5.90%     62.37% |         166      6.12%     68.49% |         174      6.41%     74.90% |         165      6.08%     80.98% |         172      6.34%     87.32% |         172      6.34%     93.66% |         172      6.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only::total         2713                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS       |         142      5.54%      5.54% |         155      6.05%     11.59% |         138      5.38%     16.97% |         247      9.64%     26.61% |         195      7.61%     34.22% |         165      6.44%     40.66% |         173      6.75%     47.41% |         143      5.58%     52.98% |         163      6.36%     59.34% |         142      5.54%     64.88% |         161      6.28%     71.17% |         148      5.77%     76.94% |         133      5.19%     82.13% |         126      4.92%     87.05% |         115      4.49%     91.53% |         217      8.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS::total         2563                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L2_Replacement::total            3                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETS          |       12253      6.29%      6.29% |       11953      6.14%     12.43% |       12013      6.17%     18.60% |       12128      6.23%     24.82% |       12136      6.23%     31.05% |       12150      6.24%     37.29% |       12274      6.30%     43.59% |       12277      6.30%     49.90% |       12303      6.32%     56.21% |       12274      6.30%     62.52% |       12204      6.27%     68.78% |       12187      6.26%     75.04% |       12287      6.31%     81.35% |       12198      6.26%     87.61% |       12066      6.20%     93.81% |       12063      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETS::total         194766                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETX          |       25626      6.29%      6.29% |       25037      6.15%     12.44% |       25005      6.14%     18.57% |       25175      6.18%     24.75% |       25024      6.14%     30.90% |       25184      6.18%     37.08% |       25285      6.21%     43.29% |       25367      6.23%     49.51% |       25569      6.28%     55.79% |       25878      6.35%     62.14% |       25713      6.31%     68.45% |       26022      6.39%     74.84% |       25624      6.29%     81.13% |       25697      6.31%     87.44% |       25729      6.32%     93.75% |       25447      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETX::total         407382                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L2_Replacement   |       16773      6.24%      6.24% |       16811      6.25%     12.49% |       16827      6.26%     18.75% |       16767      6.24%     24.99% |       16759      6.23%     31.22% |       16803      6.25%     37.47% |       16783      6.24%     43.71% |       16698      6.21%     49.92% |       16770      6.24%     56.16% |       16963      6.31%     62.47% |       16804      6.25%     68.72% |       16773      6.24%     74.96% |       16811      6.25%     81.21% |       16849      6.27%     87.48% |       16782      6.24%     93.72% |       16892      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L2_Replacement::total       268865                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_PUTO      |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_PUTO::total            8                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |          44      5.63%      5.63% |          45      5.75%     11.38% |          55      7.03%     18.41% |          52      6.65%     25.06% |          54      6.91%     31.97% |          46      5.88%     37.85% |          48      6.14%     43.99% |          48      6.14%     50.13% |          49      6.27%     56.39% |          50      6.39%     62.79% |          51      6.52%     69.31% |          44      5.63%     74.94% |          49      6.27%     81.20% |          47      6.01%     87.21% |          53      6.78%     93.99% |          47      6.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total          782                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.Unblock      |          45      5.62%      5.62% |          46      5.74%     11.36% |          56      6.99%     18.35% |          53      6.62%     24.97% |          55      6.87%     31.84% |          47      5.87%     37.70% |          49      6.12%     43.82% |          50      6.24%     50.06% |          51      6.37%     56.43% |          51      6.37%     62.80% |          52      6.49%     69.29% |          45      5.62%     74.91% |          50      6.24%     81.15% |          48      5.99%     87.14% |          54      6.74%     93.88% |          49      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.Unblock::total          801                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETX     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETX::total            3                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTO     |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           8     66.67%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTO::total           12                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     10.53%     10.53% |          17     29.82%     40.35% |           0      0.00%     40.35% |           3      5.26%     45.61% |           0      0.00%     45.61% |           6     10.53%     56.14% |           5      8.77%     64.91% |           2      3.51%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           2      3.51%     71.93% |          16     28.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS::total           57                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           1      2.22%     13.33% |           9     20.00%     33.33% |           4      8.89%     42.22% |           5     11.11%     53.33% |           3      6.67%     60.00% |           3      6.67%     66.67% |           3      6.67%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           2      4.44%     77.78% |           2      4.44%     82.22% |           3      6.67%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           0      0.00%     91.11% |           4      8.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total           45                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |         182      6.54%      6.54% |         185      6.65%     13.18% |         168      6.03%     19.22% |         169      6.07%     25.29% |         171      6.14%     31.43% |         174      6.25%     37.68% |         175      6.29%     43.97% |         174      6.25%     50.22% |         172      6.18%     56.39% |         167      6.00%     62.39% |         170      6.11%     68.50% |         178      6.39%     74.89% |         170      6.11%     81.00% |         177      6.36%     87.36% |         179      6.43%     93.79% |         173      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total         2784                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.Unblock     |         107      6.14%      6.14% |         142      8.15%     14.29% |         116      6.66%     20.95% |         133      7.63%     28.59% |          97      5.57%     34.16% |          86      4.94%     39.09% |          93      5.34%     44.43% |         107      6.14%     50.57% |         113      6.49%     57.06% |          86      4.94%     62.00% |          88      5.05%     67.05% |          97      5.57%     72.62% |         116      6.66%     79.28% |         122      7.00%     86.28% |         127      7.29%     93.57% |         112      6.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.Unblock::total         1742                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.Unblock        |         177      6.52%      6.52% |         178      6.56%     13.09% |         163      6.01%     19.09% |         170      6.27%     25.36% |         168      6.19%     31.55% |         169      6.23%     37.78% |         169      6.23%     44.01% |         169      6.23%     50.24% |         169      6.23%     56.47% |         160      5.90%     62.37% |         166      6.12%     68.49% |         174      6.41%     74.90% |         165      6.08%     80.98% |         172      6.34%     87.32% |         172      6.34%     93.66% |         172      6.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.Unblock::total         2713                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_PUTS      |           9      9.57%      9.57% |          25     26.60%     36.17% |           5      5.32%     41.49% |          11     11.70%     53.19% |          11     11.70%     64.89% |           3      3.19%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           9      9.57%     80.85% |           0      0.00%     80.85% |           3      3.19%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           0      0.00%     86.17% |           0      0.00%     86.17% |           1      1.06%     87.23% |          12     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_PUTS::total           94                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.Unblock      |         142      5.54%      5.54% |         155      6.05%     11.59% |         138      5.38%     16.97% |         247      9.64%     26.61% |         195      7.61%     34.22% |         165      6.44%     40.66% |         173      6.75%     47.41% |         143      5.58%     52.98% |         163      6.36%     59.34% |         142      5.54%     64.88% |         161      6.28%     71.17% |         148      5.77%     76.94% |         133      5.19%     82.13% |         126      4.92%     87.05% |         115      4.49%     91.53% |         217      8.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.Unblock::total         2563                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETS       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETS::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETX       |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           2      9.09%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           1      4.55%     27.27% |           4     18.18%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           3     13.64%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           6     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETX::total           22                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |        7792      6.21%      6.21% |        7873      6.28%     12.49% |        7793      6.21%     18.70% |        7826      6.24%     24.94% |        7855      6.26%     31.21% |        7886      6.29%     37.49% |        7808      6.23%     43.72% |        7801      6.22%     49.94% |        7830      6.24%     56.18% |        7896      6.30%     62.48% |        7816      6.23%     68.71% |        7803      6.22%     74.93% |        7944      6.33%     81.27% |        7886      6.29%     87.56% |        7797      6.22%     93.77% |        7811      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total       125417                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |       50573      6.28%      6.28% |       49642      6.17%     12.45% |       49751      6.18%     18.63% |       49939      6.20%     24.84% |       49771      6.18%     31.02% |       49946      6.21%     37.23% |       50220      6.24%     43.47% |       50242      6.24%     49.71% |       50522      6.28%     55.99% |       50929      6.33%     62.31% |       50610      6.29%     68.60% |       50888      6.32%     74.92% |       50490      6.27%     81.20% |       50565      6.28%     87.48% |       50480      6.27%     93.75% |       50296      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total       804864                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.Unblock       |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     20.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.Unblock::total           10                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Unblock      |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           1      5.26%     10.53% |           1      5.26%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           2     10.53%     47.37% |           2     10.53%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Unblock::total           19                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock |           6      6.59%      6.59% |           8      8.79%     15.38% |           5      5.49%     20.88% |           5      5.49%     26.37% |           5      5.49%     31.87% |           6      6.59%     38.46% |           7      7.69%     46.15% |           6      6.59%     52.75% |           5      5.49%     58.24% |           7      7.69%     65.93% |           5      5.49%     71.43% |           5      5.49%     76.92% |           5      5.49%     82.42% |           5      5.49%     87.91% |           7      7.69%     95.60% |           4      4.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock::total           91                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETS     |          28      0.08%      0.08% |       31874     90.97%     91.05% |        2989      8.53%     99.59% |           8      0.02%     99.61% |           8      0.02%     99.63% |          28      0.08%     99.71% |           2      0.01%     99.72% |           5      0.01%     99.73% |           4      0.01%     99.74% |           8      0.02%     99.77% |           6      0.02%     99.78% |          13      0.04%     99.82% |           7      0.02%     99.84% |          19      0.05%     99.89% |           6      0.02%     99.91% |          31      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETS::total        35036                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETX     |           1      0.10%      0.10% |        1002     97.95%     98.04% |           2      0.20%     98.24% |           1      0.10%     98.34% |           1      0.10%     98.44% |           8      0.78%     99.22% |           1      0.10%     99.32% |           1      0.10%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           2      0.20%     99.61% |           2      0.20%     99.80% |           1      0.10%     99.90% |           1      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETX::total         1023                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX     |          10     21.74%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           2      4.35%     26.09% |           0      0.00%     26.09% |           0      0.00%     26.09% |           0      0.00%     26.09% |           3      6.52%     32.61% |           2      4.35%     36.96% |           0      0.00%     36.96% |           6     13.04%     50.00% |           5     10.87%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           4      8.70%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |          14     30.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX::total           46                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Unblock     |         257      5.87%      5.87% |         537     12.27%     18.15% |         300      6.86%     25.01% |         256      5.85%     30.86% |         254      5.81%     36.66% |         266      6.08%     42.74% |         253      5.78%     48.53% |         252      5.76%     54.29% |         254      5.81%     60.09% |         246      5.62%     65.71% |         249      5.69%     71.41% |         249      5.69%     77.10% |         245      5.60%     82.70% |         250      5.71%     88.41% |         255      5.83%     94.24% |         252      5.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Unblock::total         4375                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock |        2063      6.59%      6.59% |        2335      7.45%     14.04% |        1895      6.05%     20.09% |        1812      5.78%     25.87% |        1860      5.94%     31.81% |        1928      6.15%     37.97% |        1964      6.27%     44.24% |        1963      6.27%     50.50% |        1974      6.30%     56.80% |        1967      6.28%     63.08% |        2013      6.43%     69.51% |        1925      6.15%     75.66% |        1892      6.04%     81.70% |        1917      6.12%     87.81% |        1926      6.15%     93.96% |        1891      6.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock::total        31325                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETS     |         311      0.72%      0.72% |       37314     86.32%     87.03% |        4314      9.98%     97.01% |          47      0.11%     97.12% |          96      0.22%     97.34% |          29      0.07%     97.41% |          65      0.15%     97.56% |          10      0.02%     97.59% |          14      0.03%     97.62% |          14      0.03%     97.65% |           4      0.01%     97.66% |           6      0.01%     97.67% |         157      0.36%     98.04% |         195      0.45%     98.49% |         109      0.25%     98.74% |         545      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETS::total        43230                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETX     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3110     97.46%     97.46% |          81      2.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETX::total         3191                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.Unblock     |         400      5.01%      5.01% |        2112     26.43%     31.43% |         626      7.83%     39.26% |         471      5.89%     45.16% |         411      5.14%     50.30% |         381      4.77%     55.07% |         377      4.72%     59.78% |         355      4.44%     64.23% |         375      4.69%     68.92% |         352      4.40%     73.32% |         332      4.15%     77.48% |         340      4.25%     81.73% |         354      4.43%     86.16% |         350      4.38%     90.54% |         334      4.18%     94.72% |         422      5.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.Unblock::total         7992                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETS      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7390     91.19%     91.19% |         713      8.80%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETS::total         8104                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETX      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         276    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETX::total          276                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_PUTO      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_PUTO::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock |          16      2.67%      2.67% |         292     48.67%     51.33% |          67     11.17%     62.50% |          16      2.67%     65.17% |          16      2.67%     67.83% |          32      5.33%     73.17% |          16      2.67%     75.83% |          17      2.83%     78.67% |          18      3.00%     81.67% |          15      2.50%     84.17% |          16      2.67%     86.83% |          17      2.83%     89.67% |          16      2.67%     92.33% |          16      2.67%     95.00% |          14      2.33%     97.33% |          16      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock::total          600                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.L1_GETS        |           4     17.39%     17.39% |           3     13.04%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           3     13.04%     43.48% |           2      8.70%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           0      0.00%     56.52% |           0      0.00%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           8     34.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.L1_GETS::total           23                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data_Exclusive |        7400      6.19%      6.19% |        7481      6.26%     12.45% |        7438      6.22%     18.68% |        7457      6.24%     24.92% |        7475      6.26%     31.18% |        7477      6.26%     37.43% |        7420      6.21%     43.64% |        7444      6.23%     49.87% |        7455      6.24%     56.11% |        7515      6.29%     62.40% |        7504      6.28%     68.68% |        7489      6.27%     74.95% |        7489      6.27%     81.22% |        7507      6.28%     87.50% |        7461      6.24%     93.74% |        7477      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data_Exclusive::total       119489                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Exclusive_Unblock |        7400      6.19%      6.19% |        7481      6.26%     12.45% |        7438      6.22%     18.68% |        7457      6.24%     24.92% |        7475      6.26%     31.18% |        7477      6.26%     37.43% |        7420      6.21%     43.64% |        7444      6.23%     49.87% |        7455      6.24%     56.11% |        7515      6.29%     62.40% |        7504      6.28%     68.68% |        7489      6.27%     74.95% |        7489      6.27%     81.22% |        7507      6.28%     87.50% |        7461      6.24%     93.74% |        7477      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Exclusive_Unblock::total       119489                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.L1_GETX        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           5     50.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.L1_GETX::total           10                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.Data           |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.Data::total          220645                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.L1_GETX       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           3     37.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.L1_GETX::total            8                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.All_Acks      |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.All_Acks::total       220645                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock::total       220645                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.L1_GETX         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           2     14.29%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     14.29%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.L1_GETX::total            14                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       25626      6.29%      6.29% |       25037      6.15%     12.44% |       25005      6.14%     18.57% |       25175      6.18%     24.75% |       25024      6.14%     30.90% |       25184      6.18%     37.08% |       25285      6.21%     43.29% |       25367      6.23%     49.51% |       25569      6.28%     55.79% |       25878      6.35%     62.14% |       25713      6.31%     68.45% |       26022      6.39%     74.84% |       25624      6.29%     81.13% |       25697      6.31%     87.44% |       25729      6.32%     93.75% |       25447      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       407382                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.Exclusive_Unblock |       12253      6.29%      6.29% |       11953      6.14%     12.43% |       12013      6.17%     18.60% |       12128      6.23%     24.82% |       12136      6.23%     31.05% |       12150      6.24%     37.29% |       12274      6.30%     43.59% |       12277      6.30%     49.90% |       12303      6.32%     56.21% |       12274      6.30%     62.52% |       12204      6.27%     68.78% |       12187      6.26%     75.04% |       12287      6.31%     81.35% |       12198      6.26%     87.61% |       12066      6.20%     93.81% |       12063      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.Exclusive_Unblock::total       194766                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.Unblock      |          15      4.75%      4.75% |          14      4.43%      9.18% |          18      5.70%     14.87% |          53     16.77%     31.65% |          16      5.06%     36.71% |          16      5.06%     41.77% |          14      4.43%     46.20% |          14      4.43%     50.63% |          15      4.75%     55.38% |          12      3.80%     59.18% |          12      3.80%     62.97% |          12      3.80%     66.77% |          15      4.75%     71.52% |          18      5.70%     77.22% |          16      5.06%     82.28% |          56     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.Unblock::total          316                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.L1_GETS         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.L1_GETS::total             1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack   |       16773      6.24%      6.24% |       16811      6.25%     12.49% |       16827      6.26%     18.75% |       16767      6.24%     24.99% |       16759      6.23%     31.22% |       16803      6.25%     37.47% |       16783      6.24%     43.71% |       16698      6.21%     49.92% |       16770      6.24%     56.16% |       16963      6.31%     62.47% |       16804      6.25%     68.72% |       16773      6.24%     74.96% |       16811      6.25%     81.21% |       16849      6.27%     87.48% |       16782      6.24%     93.72% |       16892      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       268865                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSI.Writeback_Ack::total            3                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETX              |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETX::total             220645                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETS              |        7400      6.19%      6.19% |        7481      6.26%     12.45% |        7438      6.22%     18.68% |        7457      6.24%     24.92% |        7475      6.26%     31.18% |        7477      6.26%     37.43% |        7420      6.21%     43.64% |        7444      6.23%     49.87% |        7455      6.24%     56.11% |        7515      6.29%     62.40% |        7504      6.28%     68.68% |        7489      6.27%     74.95% |        7489      6.27%     81.22% |        7507      6.28%     87.50% |        7461      6.24%     93.74% |        7477      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETS::total             119489                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTX              |       16773      6.24%      6.24% |       16811      6.25%     12.49% |       16827      6.26%     18.75% |       16767      6.24%     24.99% |       16759      6.23%     31.22% |       16803      6.25%     37.47% |       16783      6.24%     43.71% |       16698      6.21%     49.92% |       16770      6.24%     56.16% |       16963      6.31%     62.47% |       16804      6.25%     68.72% |       16773      6.24%     74.96% |       16811      6.25%     81.21% |       16849      6.27%     87.48% |       16782      6.24%     93.72% |       16892      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTX::total             268865                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTO_SHARERS      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTO_SHARERS::total            3                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock |       21227      6.24%      6.24% |       21265      6.25%     12.49% |       21279      6.26%     18.75% |       21200      6.23%     24.98% |       21227      6.24%     31.22% |       21257      6.25%     37.47% |       21223      6.24%     43.71% |       21156      6.22%     49.93% |       21229      6.24%     56.17% |       21415      6.30%     62.47% |       21263      6.25%     68.72% |       21231      6.24%     74.96% |       21267      6.25%     81.21% |       21305      6.26%     87.48% |       21240      6.24%     93.72% |       21350      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock::total       340134                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Clean_Writeback   |        5502      6.20%      6.20% |        5529      6.23%     12.43% |        5548      6.25%     18.68% |        5594      6.30%     24.98% |        5586      6.29%     31.27% |        5563      6.27%     37.54% |        5509      6.21%     43.75% |        5531      6.23%     49.98% |        5545      6.25%     56.23% |        5597      6.31%     62.53% |        5572      6.28%     68.81% |        5550      6.25%     75.06% |        5555      6.26%     81.32% |        5533      6.23%     87.55% |        5513      6.21%     93.76% |        5536      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Clean_Writeback::total        88763                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Dirty_Writeback   |       11271      6.26%      6.26% |       11282      6.26%     12.52% |       11279      6.26%     18.78% |       11174      6.20%     24.99% |       11173      6.20%     31.19% |       11240      6.24%     37.43% |       11274      6.26%     43.69% |       11167      6.20%     49.89% |       11225      6.23%     56.13% |       11366      6.31%     62.44% |       11232      6.24%     68.67% |       11224      6.23%     74.90% |       11257      6.25%     81.15% |       11316      6.28%     87.44% |       11269      6.26%     93.69% |       11356      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Dirty_Writeback::total       180105                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Data       |       21227      6.24%      6.24% |       21265      6.25%     12.49% |       21279      6.26%     18.75% |       21200      6.23%     24.98% |       21227      6.24%     31.22% |       21257      6.25%     37.47% |       21223      6.24%     43.71% |       21156      6.22%     49.93% |       21229      6.24%     56.17% |       21415      6.30%     62.47% |       21263      6.25%     68.72% |       21231      6.24%     74.96% |       21267      6.25%     81.21% |       21305      6.26%     87.48% |       21240      6.24%     93.72% |       21350      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Data::total       340134                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Ack        |       11271      6.26%      6.26% |       11282      6.26%     12.52% |       11279      6.26%     18.78% |       11174      6.20%     24.99% |       11173      6.20%     31.19% |       11240      6.24%     37.43% |       11274      6.26%     43.69% |       11167      6.20%     49.89% |       11225      6.23%     56.13% |       11366      6.31%     62.44% |       11232      6.24%     68.67% |       11224      6.23%     74.90% |       11257      6.25%     81.15% |       11316      6.28%     87.44% |       11269      6.26%     93.69% |       11356      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Ack::total       180105                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETX            |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETX::total           220645                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETS            |        7400      6.19%      6.19% |        7481      6.26%     12.45% |        7438      6.22%     18.68% |        7457      6.24%     24.92% |        7475      6.26%     31.18% |        7477      6.26%     37.43% |        7420      6.21%     43.64% |        7444      6.23%     49.87% |        7455      6.24%     56.11% |        7515      6.29%     62.40% |        7504      6.28%     68.68% |        7489      6.27%     74.95% |        7489      6.27%     81.22% |        7507      6.28%     87.50% |        7461      6.24%     93.74% |        7477      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETS::total           119489                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.Memory_Ack      |       11271      6.26%      6.26% |       11282      6.26%     12.52% |       11278      6.26%     18.78% |       11173      6.20%     24.99% |       11172      6.20%     31.19% |       11240      6.24%     37.43% |       11274      6.26%     43.69% |       11167      6.20%     49.89% |       11225      6.23%     56.13% |       11365      6.31%     62.44% |       11231      6.24%     68.67% |       11224      6.23%     74.90% |       11257      6.25%     81.15% |       11316      6.28%     87.44% |       11269      6.26%     93.69% |       11356      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.Memory_Ack::total       180100                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTX            |       16773      6.24%      6.24% |       16811      6.25%     12.49% |       16827      6.26%     18.75% |       16767      6.24%     24.99% |       16759      6.23%     31.22% |       16803      6.25%     37.47% |       16783      6.24%     43.71% |       16698      6.21%     49.92% |       16770      6.24%     56.16% |       16963      6.31%     62.47% |       16804      6.25%     68.72% |       16773      6.24%     74.96% |       16811      6.25%     81.21% |       16849      6.27%     87.48% |       16782      6.24%     93.72% |       16892      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTX::total           268865                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTO_SHARERS    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total            3                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Unblock |        7400      6.19%      6.19% |        7481      6.26%     12.45% |        7438      6.22%     18.68% |        7457      6.24%     24.92% |        7475      6.26%     31.18% |        7477      6.26%     37.43% |        7420      6.21%     43.64% |        7444      6.23%     49.87% |        7455      6.24%     56.11% |        7515      6.29%     62.40% |        7504      6.28%     68.68% |        7489      6.27%     74.95% |        7489      6.27%     81.22% |        7507      6.28%     87.50% |        7461      6.24%     93.74% |        7477      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Unblock::total       119489                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Data    |        7400      6.19%      6.19% |        7481      6.26%     12.45% |        7438      6.22%     18.68% |        7457      6.24%     24.92% |        7475      6.26%     31.18% |        7477      6.26%     37.43% |        7420      6.21%     43.64% |        7444      6.23%     49.87% |        7455      6.24%     56.11% |        7515      6.29%     62.40% |        7504      6.28%     68.68% |        7489      6.27%     74.95% |        7489      6.27%     81.22% |        7507      6.28%     87.50% |        7461      6.24%     93.74% |        7477      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Data::total       119489                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Ack     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Ack::total            3                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       220645                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Data    |       13827      6.27%      6.27% |       13784      6.25%     12.51% |       13841      6.27%     18.79% |       13743      6.23%     25.02% |       13752      6.23%     31.25% |       13780      6.25%     37.49% |       13803      6.26%     43.75% |       13712      6.21%     49.96% |       13774      6.24%     56.21% |       13900      6.30%     62.51% |       13759      6.24%     68.74% |       13742      6.23%     74.97% |       13778      6.24%     81.21% |       13798      6.25%     87.47% |       13779      6.24%     93.71% |       13873      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Data::total       220645                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Ack     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Ack::total            2                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Clean_Writeback |        5502      6.20%      6.20% |        5529      6.23%     12.43% |        5548      6.25%     18.68% |        5593      6.30%     24.98% |        5586      6.29%     31.27% |        5563      6.27%     37.54% |        5509      6.21%     43.75% |        5531      6.23%     49.98% |        5545      6.25%     56.23% |        5597      6.31%     62.53% |        5572      6.28%     68.81% |        5549      6.25%     75.06% |        5554      6.26%     81.32% |        5533      6.23%     87.55% |        5513      6.21%     93.76% |        5536      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Clean_Writeback::total        88760                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Dirty_Writeback |       11271      6.26%      6.26% |       11282      6.26%     12.52% |       11279      6.26%     18.78% |       11174      6.20%     24.99% |       11173      6.20%     31.19% |       11240      6.24%     37.43% |       11274      6.26%     43.69% |       11167      6.20%     49.89% |       11225      6.23%     56.13% |       11366      6.31%     62.44% |       11232      6.24%     68.67% |       11224      6.23%     74.90% |       11257      6.25%     81.15% |       11316      6.28%     87.44% |       11269      6.26%     93.69% |       11356      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       180105                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Clean_Writeback |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Clean_Writeback::total            3                      


---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
