
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.158396                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1158396231000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1158396231000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 110865                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   171494                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               63840579                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 366812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18145.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2011656889                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3111780775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits      1216815                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses       116843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses      1333658                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits      1230682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses       112330                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses      1343012                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits      1068598                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses       110898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses      1179496                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits       909794                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        67670                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       977464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits       829943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        96953                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       926896                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits      1093165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses       106350                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses      1199515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits       818833                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        87444                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       906277                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits      1215764                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses       112721                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses      1328485                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits     66504727                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1514859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68019586                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits    175730968                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses          228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses    175731196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits     66514598                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1533899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68048497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits    175851591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses          227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses    175851818                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits     67064359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1448157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68512516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits    176329166                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses          205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses    176329371                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits     69253773                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1135194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     70388967                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits    176175158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses          214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses    176175372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     72350045                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1556566                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     73906611                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    200305443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         1138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    200306581                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     68939218                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1041700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     69980918                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    175757589                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          232                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    175757821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits     67206801                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1367699                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68574500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    175206866                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses          215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    175207081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits     66826374                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1428208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68254582                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits    175578102                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses          205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses    175578307                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      1449733                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses       184105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      1633838                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1745096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       257893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2002989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits      1366537                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses       195622                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses      1562159                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      1504606                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses       172736                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      1677342                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits     69989051                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses       939007                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     70928058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits    176842563                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses          218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses    176842781                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits     68461894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1154786                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     69616680                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits    176372129                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses          212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses    176372341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       615504                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        65023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       680527                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits      1435488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses       173471                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses      1608959                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits     68069045                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1080003                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     69149048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits    174395233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses          218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174395451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits     68106181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1005875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     69112056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits    173917946                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses          217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses    173918163                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits     65663967                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1517627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67181594                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits    174364844                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses          231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174365075                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits     67739426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1177365                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68916791                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits    174300527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses          222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174300749                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits     66645829                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1446539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68092368                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits    175457699                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses          229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses    175457928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits     66433167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1456921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67890088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits    175041677                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses          230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses    175041907                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits       954475                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses       141803                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses      1096278                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits      1230722                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses       121229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses      1351951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReq          6521                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRead         5297                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWrite         1224                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRefresh       114825                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          853                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankQ            5                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.totalStalls          858                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.131575                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankBusy          350                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBusBusy          455                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memArbWait           45                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount |         742     11.38%     11.38% |           0      0.00%     11.38% |           0      0.00%     11.38% |           0      0.00%     11.38% |         596      9.14%     20.52% |           0      0.00%     20.52% |           0      0.00%     20.52% |           0      0.00%     20.52% |         603      9.25%     29.77% |           0      0.00%     29.77% |           0      0.00%     29.77% |           0      0.00%     29.77% |         591      9.06%     38.83% |           0      0.00%     38.83% |           0      0.00%     38.83% |           0      0.00%     38.83% |        1274     19.54%     58.37% |           0      0.00%     58.37% |           0      0.00%     58.37% |           0      0.00%     58.37% |        1221     18.72%     77.09% |           0      0.00%     77.09% |           0      0.00%     77.09% |           0      0.00%     77.09% |         826     12.67%     89.76% |           0      0.00%     89.76% |           0      0.00%     89.76% |           0      0.00%     89.76% |         668     10.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6521                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memReq          5863                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memRead         4871                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memWrite          992                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memRefresh       109418                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          792                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memInputQ            2                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.totalStalls          794                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.135426                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankBusy          348                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBusBusy          416                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            4                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memArbWait           24                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankCount |         649     11.07%     11.07% |           0      0.00%     11.07% |           0      0.00%     11.07% |           0      0.00%     11.07% |         560      9.55%     20.62% |           0      0.00%     20.62% |           0      0.00%     20.62% |           0      0.00%     20.62% |         577      9.84%     30.46% |           0      0.00%     30.46% |           0      0.00%     30.46% |           0      0.00%     30.46% |         572      9.76%     40.22% |           0      0.00%     40.22% |           0      0.00%     40.22% |           0      0.00%     40.22% |        1120     19.10%     59.32% |           0      0.00%     59.32% |           0      0.00%     59.32% |           0      0.00%     59.32% |        1046     17.84%     77.16% |           0      0.00%     77.16% |           0      0.00%     77.16% |           0      0.00%     77.16% |         718     12.25%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |           0      0.00%     89.41% |         621     10.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5863                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memReq          6194                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memRead         5100                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memWrite         1094                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memRefresh       110929                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          773                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memInputQ            1                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.totalStalls          774                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.124960                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankBusy          336                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBusBusy          414                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memArbWait           22                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankCount |         686     11.08%     11.08% |           0      0.00%     11.08% |           0      0.00%     11.08% |           0      0.00%     11.08% |         590      9.53%     20.60% |           0      0.00%     20.60% |           0      0.00%     20.60% |           0      0.00%     20.60% |         607      9.80%     30.40% |           0      0.00%     30.40% |           0      0.00%     30.40% |           0      0.00%     30.40% |         582      9.40%     39.80% |           0      0.00%     39.80% |           0      0.00%     39.80% |           0      0.00%     39.80% |        1204     19.44%     59.23% |           0      0.00%     59.23% |           0      0.00%     59.23% |           0      0.00%     59.23% |        1130     18.24%     77.48% |           0      0.00%     77.48% |           0      0.00%     77.48% |           0      0.00%     77.48% |         774     12.50%     89.97% |           0      0.00%     89.97% |           0      0.00%     89.97% |           0      0.00%     89.97% |         621     10.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6194                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memReq          5881                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memRead         4868                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memWrite         1013                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memRefresh       110621                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          747                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.totalStalls          747                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.127019                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankBusy          284                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBusBusy          435                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memArbWait           26                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankCount |         627     10.66%     10.66% |           0      0.00%     10.66% |           0      0.00%     10.66% |           0      0.00%     10.66% |         557      9.47%     20.13% |           0      0.00%     20.13% |           0      0.00%     20.13% |           0      0.00%     20.13% |         566      9.62%     29.76% |           0      0.00%     29.76% |           0      0.00%     29.76% |           0      0.00%     29.76% |         554      9.42%     39.18% |           0      0.00%     39.18% |           0      0.00%     39.18% |           0      0.00%     39.18% |        1158     19.69%     58.87% |           0      0.00%     58.87% |           0      0.00%     58.87% |           0      0.00%     58.87% |        1128     19.18%     78.05% |           0      0.00%     78.05% |           0      0.00%     78.05% |           0      0.00%     78.05% |         708     12.04%     90.09% |           0      0.00%     90.09% |           0      0.00%     90.09% |           0      0.00%     90.09% |         583      9.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5881                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memReq          6041                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memRead         4996                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memWrite         1045                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memRefresh       109181                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          651                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.totalStalls          651                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.107764                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankBusy          207                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBusBusy          412                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            3                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memArbWait           29                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         629     10.41%     10.41% |           0      0.00%     10.41% |           0      0.00%     10.41% |           0      0.00%     10.41% |         590      9.77%     20.18% |           0      0.00%     20.18% |           0      0.00%     20.18% |           0      0.00%     20.18% |         584      9.67%     29.85% |           0      0.00%     29.85% |           0      0.00%     29.85% |           0      0.00%     29.85% |         561      9.29%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |        1255     20.77%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |        1042     17.25%     77.16% |           0      0.00%     77.16% |           0      0.00%     77.16% |           0      0.00%     77.16% |         726     12.02%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |         654     10.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6041                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memReq          5632                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memRead         4734                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memWrite          898                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memRefresh       106109                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          678                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.totalStalls          678                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.120384                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankBusy          194                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBusBusy          453                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memArbWait           29                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         588     10.44%     10.44% |           0      0.00%     10.44% |           0      0.00%     10.44% |           0      0.00%     10.44% |         545      9.68%     20.12% |           0      0.00%     20.12% |           0      0.00%     20.12% |           0      0.00%     20.12% |         564     10.01%     30.13% |           0      0.00%     30.13% |           0      0.00%     30.13% |           0      0.00%     30.13% |         546      9.69%     39.83% |           0      0.00%     39.83% |           0      0.00%     39.83% |           0      0.00%     39.83% |        1093     19.41%     59.23% |           0      0.00%     59.23% |           0      0.00%     59.23% |           0      0.00%     59.23% |        1027     18.24%     77.47% |           0      0.00%     77.47% |           0      0.00%     77.47% |           0      0.00%     77.47% |         675     11.99%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |         594     10.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5632                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memReq          6186                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memRead         5101                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memWrite         1085                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memRefresh       110687                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          825                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memInputQ            1                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.totalStalls          826                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.133527                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankBusy          370                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBusBusy          426                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            3                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memArbWait           26                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         607      9.81%      9.81% |           0      0.00%      9.81% |           0      0.00%      9.81% |           0      0.00%      9.81% |         590      9.54%     19.35% |           0      0.00%     19.35% |           0      0.00%     19.35% |           0      0.00%     19.35% |         595      9.62%     28.97% |           0      0.00%     28.97% |           0      0.00%     28.97% |           0      0.00%     28.97% |         569      9.20%     38.17% |           0      0.00%     38.17% |           0      0.00%     38.17% |           0      0.00%     38.17% |        1109     17.93%     56.09% |           0      0.00%     56.09% |           0      0.00%     56.09% |           0      0.00%     56.09% |        1320     21.34%     77.43% |           0      0.00%     77.43% |           0      0.00%     77.43% |           0      0.00%     77.43% |         767     12.40%     89.83% |           0      0.00%     89.83% |           0      0.00%     89.83% |           0      0.00%     89.83% |         629     10.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6186                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memReq          5755                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memRead         4795                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memWrite          960                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memRefresh       108194                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          721                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memInputQ            1                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.totalStalls          722                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.125456                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankBusy          244                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBusBusy          448                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memArbWait           27                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         619     10.76%     10.76% |           0      0.00%     10.76% |           0      0.00%     10.76% |           0      0.00%     10.76% |         563      9.78%     20.54% |           0      0.00%     20.54% |           0      0.00%     20.54% |           0      0.00%     20.54% |         562      9.77%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |         544      9.45%     39.76% |           0      0.00%     39.76% |           0      0.00%     39.76% |           0      0.00%     39.76% |        1168     20.30%     60.05% |           0      0.00%     60.05% |           0      0.00%     60.05% |           0      0.00%     60.05% |        1036     18.00%     78.05% |           0      0.00%     78.05% |           0      0.00%     78.05% |           0      0.00%     78.05% |         679     11.80%     89.85% |           0      0.00%     89.85% |           0      0.00%     89.85% |           0      0.00%     89.85% |         584     10.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5755                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memReq          6296                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memRead         5162                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memWrite         1134                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memRefresh       113285                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          823                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.totalStalls          823                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.130718                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankBusy          341                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBusBusy          448                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memArbWait           33                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660     10.48%     10.48% |           0      0.00%     10.48% |           0      0.00%     10.48% |           0      0.00%     10.48% |         621      9.86%     20.35% |           0      0.00%     20.35% |           0      0.00%     20.35% |           0      0.00%     20.35% |         592      9.40%     29.75% |           0      0.00%     29.75% |           0      0.00%     29.75% |           0      0.00%     29.75% |         583      9.26%     39.01% |           0      0.00%     39.01% |           0      0.00%     39.01% |           0      0.00%     39.01% |        1347     21.39%     60.40% |           0      0.00%     60.40% |           0      0.00%     60.40% |           0      0.00%     60.40% |        1173     18.63%     79.03% |           0      0.00%     79.03% |           0      0.00%     79.03% |           0      0.00%     79.03% |         701     11.13%     90.17% |           0      0.00%     90.17% |           0      0.00%     90.17% |           0      0.00%     90.17% |         619      9.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6296                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memReq          5712                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memRead         4775                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memWrite          937                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memRefresh       107913                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          669                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.totalStalls          669                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.117122                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankBusy          227                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBusBusy          419                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memArbWait           22                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         597     10.45%     10.45% |           0      0.00%     10.45% |           0      0.00%     10.45% |           0      0.00%     10.45% |         570      9.98%     20.43% |           0      0.00%     20.43% |           0      0.00%     20.43% |           0      0.00%     20.43% |         557      9.75%     30.18% |           0      0.00%     30.18% |           0      0.00%     30.18% |           0      0.00%     30.18% |         530      9.28%     39.46% |           0      0.00%     39.46% |           0      0.00%     39.46% |           0      0.00%     39.46% |        1153     20.19%     59.65% |           0      0.00%     59.65% |           0      0.00%     59.65% |           0      0.00%     59.65% |        1078     18.87%     78.52% |           0      0.00%     78.52% |           0      0.00%     78.52% |           0      0.00%     78.52% |         662     11.59%     90.11% |           0      0.00%     90.11% |           0      0.00%     90.11% |           0      0.00%     90.11% |         565      9.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5712                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memReq         6064                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memRead         5042                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memWrite         1022                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memRefresh       110062                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          744                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.totalStalls          744                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.122691                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankBusy          292                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBusBusy          416                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            5                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memArbWait           29                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         602      9.93%      9.93% |           0      0.00%      9.93% |           0      0.00%      9.93% |           0      0.00%      9.93% |         602      9.93%     19.85% |           0      0.00%     19.85% |           0      0.00%     19.85% |           0      0.00%     19.85% |         580      9.56%     29.42% |           0      0.00%     29.42% |           0      0.00%     29.42% |           0      0.00%     29.42% |         544      8.97%     38.39% |           0      0.00%     38.39% |           0      0.00%     38.39% |           0      0.00%     38.39% |        1393     22.97%     61.36% |           0      0.00%     61.36% |           0      0.00%     61.36% |           0      0.00%     61.36% |        1086     17.91%     79.27% |           0      0.00%     79.27% |           0      0.00%     79.27% |           0      0.00%     79.27% |         671     11.07%     90.34% |           0      0.00%     90.34% |           0      0.00%     90.34% |           0      0.00%     90.34% |         586      9.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6064                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memReq         5553                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memRead         4686                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memWrite          867                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memRefresh       105213                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          668                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.totalStalls          668                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.120295                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankBusy          253                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBusBusy          396                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memArbWait           16                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         565     10.17%     10.17% |           0      0.00%     10.17% |           0      0.00%     10.17% |           0      0.00%     10.17% |         582     10.48%     20.66% |           0      0.00%     20.66% |           0      0.00%     20.66% |           0      0.00%     20.66% |         545      9.81%     30.47% |           0      0.00%     30.47% |           0      0.00%     30.47% |           0      0.00%     30.47% |         540      9.72%     40.19% |           0      0.00%     40.19% |           0      0.00%     40.19% |           0      0.00%     40.19% |        1138     20.49%     60.69% |           0      0.00%     60.69% |           0      0.00%     60.69% |           0      0.00%     60.69% |         978     17.61%     78.30% |           0      0.00%     78.30% |           0      0.00%     78.30% |           0      0.00%     78.30% |         615     11.08%     89.38% |           0      0.00%     89.38% |           0      0.00%     89.38% |           0      0.00%     89.38% |         590     10.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5553                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memReq         6325                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memRead         5200                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memWrite         1125                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memRefresh       115254                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          802                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memInputQ            1                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankQ           12                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.totalStalls          815                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.128854                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankBusy          325                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBusBusy          446                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memArbWait           27                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         602      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |         584      9.23%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |         556      8.79%     27.54% |           0      0.00%     27.54% |           0      0.00%     27.54% |           0      0.00%     27.54% |         569      9.00%     36.54% |           0      0.00%     36.54% |           0      0.00%     36.54% |           0      0.00%     36.54% |        1257     19.87%     56.41% |           0      0.00%     56.41% |           0      0.00%     56.41% |           0      0.00%     56.41% |        1417     22.40%     78.81% |           0      0.00%     78.81% |           0      0.00%     78.81% |           0      0.00%     78.81% |         715     11.30%     90.12% |           0      0.00%     90.12% |           0      0.00%     90.12% |           0      0.00%     90.12% |         625      9.88%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6325                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memReq         5667                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memRead         4749                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memWrite          918                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memRefresh       107049                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          666                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.totalStalls          666                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.117522                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankBusy          220                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBusBusy          421                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memArbWait           23                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         570     10.06%     10.06% |           0      0.00%     10.06% |           0      0.00%     10.06% |           0      0.00%     10.06% |         587     10.36%     20.42% |           0      0.00%     20.42% |           0      0.00%     20.42% |           0      0.00%     20.42% |         550      9.71%     30.12% |           0      0.00%     30.12% |           0      0.00%     30.12% |           0      0.00%     30.12% |         546      9.63%     39.76% |           0      0.00%     39.76% |           0      0.00%     39.76% |           0      0.00%     39.76% |        1120     19.76%     59.52% |           0      0.00%     59.52% |           0      0.00%     59.52% |           0      0.00%     59.52% |        1118     19.73%     79.25% |           0      0.00%     79.25% |           0      0.00%     79.25% |           0      0.00%     79.25% |         605     10.68%     89.92% |           0      0.00%     89.92% |           0      0.00%     89.92% |           0      0.00%     89.92% |         571     10.08%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5667                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memReq         5898                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memRead         4924                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memWrite          974                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memRefresh       107625                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          747                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memInputQ            1                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.totalStalls          748                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.126823                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankBusy          292                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBusBusy          420                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memArbWait           34                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         602     10.21%     10.21% |           0      0.00%     10.21% |           0      0.00%     10.21% |           0      0.00%     10.21% |         595     10.09%     20.30% |           0      0.00%     20.30% |           0      0.00%     20.30% |           0      0.00%     20.30% |         601     10.19%     30.48% |           0      0.00%     30.48% |           0      0.00%     30.48% |           0      0.00%     30.48% |         558      9.46%     39.95% |           0      0.00%     39.95% |           0      0.00%     39.95% |           0      0.00%     39.95% |        1183     20.06%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |        1069     18.12%     78.13% |           0      0.00%     78.13% |           0      0.00%     78.13% |           0      0.00%     78.13% |         661     11.21%     89.34% |           0      0.00%     89.34% |           0      0.00%     89.34% |           0      0.00%     89.34% |         629     10.66%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5898                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memReq         5392                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memRead         4616                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memWrite          776                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memRefresh       101843                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          662                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.totalStalls          662                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.122774                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankBusy          219                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBusBusy          415                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            4                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memArbWait           24                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         593     11.00%     11.00% |           0      0.00%     11.00% |           0      0.00%     11.00% |           0      0.00%     11.00% |         538      9.98%     20.98% |           0      0.00%     20.98% |           0      0.00%     20.98% |           0      0.00%     20.98% |         556     10.31%     31.29% |           0      0.00%     31.29% |           0      0.00%     31.29% |           0      0.00%     31.29% |         621     11.52%     42.80% |           0      0.00%     42.80% |           0      0.00%     42.80% |           0      0.00%     42.80% |        1076     19.96%     62.76% |           0      0.00%     62.76% |           0      0.00%     62.76% |           0      0.00%     62.76% |         797     14.78%     77.54% |           0      0.00%     77.54% |           0      0.00%     77.54% |           0      0.00%     77.54% |         627     11.63%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |         584     10.83%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5392                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                152                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                     2316792462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 140466555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   220371410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           187118749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses             76752868                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   2712770                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts      7956294                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  187118749                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                    76752868                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads         479977338                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        149810154                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads          111757780                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes          59969675                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    73906610                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  43865759                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 30040851                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles               2316792462                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                     2316507628                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 126027377                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   193549957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           170710370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses             59039258                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                   1801772                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts      9159895                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  170710370                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                    59039258                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads         451172383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        137121157                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads           81783297                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes          44936069                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                    69980918                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                  42070607                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 27910311                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             282175986.102699                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             2034331641.897301                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.878189                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.121811                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                     2316505614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                 124421907                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                   192382744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses           168420497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses             61898646                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                   1921586                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      7879701                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                  168420497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                    61898646                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads         440803646                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes        133016778                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads           85780261                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes          47122591                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                    68574500                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  40755281                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 27819219                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             282179332.330719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             2034326281.669281                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.878188                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.121812                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                     2316505988                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 124181344                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   192597161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           168052313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses             63381777                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                   1979814                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      7367712                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  168052313                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                    63381777                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads         437914828                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        131758047                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads           87846604                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes          48255081                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                    68254582                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                  40373324                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 27881258                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             282180401.761974                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             2034325586.238026                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.878187                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.121813                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                     2316504930                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 123921800                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   192433084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           167434794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses             64555510                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   2010122                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts      6987530                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  167434794                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                    64555510                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads         434983326                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        130410666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads           89476876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes          49149733                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    68019586                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  40114286                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 27905300                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             282182728.579076                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             2034322201.420924                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.878186                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.121814                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                     2316505742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 124049093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   192610184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           167682538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses             64371734                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                   2009368                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts      7050770                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  167682538                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                    64371734                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads         435832599                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        130771171                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads           89225406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes          49009897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    68048497                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  40141261                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 27907236                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             282183413.419522                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             2034322328.580478                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.878186                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.121814                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                     2316505264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 124661791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   193313968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           168583333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses             63870150                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                   1987780                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      7348077                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  168583333                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                    63870150                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads         439144354                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        131999091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads           88523612                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes          48626239                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                    68512516                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                  40520410                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 27992106                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             282185254.956778                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             2034320009.043222                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.878185                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.121815                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                     2316505436                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 126568765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   194371762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           171731811                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses             58526816                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                   1780904                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      9466244                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  171731811                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                    58526816                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads         454859745                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        138479508                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads           81077368                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes          44547306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                    70388967                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                  42409424                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 27979543                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             282186501.757082                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             2034318934.242918                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.878184                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.121816                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                     2316505194                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 127358863                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   195186257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           172804043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses             57877944                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                   1764186                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts      9800978                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  172804043                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                    57877944                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads         458695958                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        139979013                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads           80156988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes          44047253                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                    70928058                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  42837330                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 28090728                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             282188112.074357                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             2034317081.925643                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.878184                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.121816                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                     2316505504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                 125884643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                   194125448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses           170673556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses             60599494                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                   1877996                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      8591809                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                  170673556                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                    60599494                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads         448951150                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes        136120086                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads           83958166                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes          46127784                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                    69616680                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                  41608885                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                 28007795                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             282189411.681101                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             2034316092.318899                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.878183                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.121817                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                     2316506210                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                 124001113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                   192357608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses           167750458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses             63540396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                   1992030                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts      7238311                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                  167750458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                    63540396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads         436705002                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        131328206                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads           88067191                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes          48375658                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                    68092368                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                  40219101                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 27873267                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             282190189.598300                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             2034316020.401700                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.878183                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.121817                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                     2316506060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                 123583261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                   191896476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses           167163414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses             63871975                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                   1987538                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      7148509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                  167163414                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                    63871975                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads         434862144                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes        130593010                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads           88528330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes          48628637                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                    67890088                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                  40111020                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                 27779068                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             282191725.133621                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             2034314334.866379                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.878182                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.121818                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                     2316505350                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                 122679807                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                   190861164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses           165807186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses             64692915                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                   2027446                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      6653150                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                  165807186                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                    64692915                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads         429696110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes        128692658                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads           89668151                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes          49254528                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                    67181594                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                  39511629                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                 27669965                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             282193746.381730                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             2034311603.618270                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.878181                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.121819                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                     2316506306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 124516838                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   192013112                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           168947939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses             59595566                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                   1843708                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      8627314                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  168947939                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                    59595566                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads         444834315                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        135004487                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads           82568190                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes          45363935                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    68916791                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  41245470                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 27671321                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             282194304.785845                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             2034312001.214155                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.878181                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.121819                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                     2316505916                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 124724406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   192004507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           168986284                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses             59485367                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                   1819246                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts      8775941                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  168986284                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                    59485367                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         445467001                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        135130452                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads           82406951                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes          45277540                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                    69149048                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  41472600                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 27676448                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             282196045.055321                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             2034309870.944679                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.878180                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.121820                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                     2316506424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 124609326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                   191705933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses           169073710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses             58496481                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   1808426                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      8963543                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                  169073710                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                    58496481                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads         446396457                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        135805520                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads           81021305                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes          44520708                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    69112056                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  41485564                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 27626492                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             282197050.823178                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             2034309373.176822                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.878180                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.121820                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Load               |    42850904      6.66%      6.66% |    41127957      6.40%     13.06% |    39771450      6.19%     19.25% |    39365453      6.12%     25.37% |    39087296      6.08%     31.45% |    39118925      6.08%     37.53% |    39505324      6.14%     43.67% |    41475276      6.45%     50.12% |    41912396      6.52%     56.64% |    40645163      6.32%     62.96% |    39209806      6.10%     69.06% |    39094792      6.08%     75.14% |    38484527      5.98%     81.12% |    40296817      6.27%     87.39% |    40523264      6.30%     93.69% |    40552766      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Load::total           643022116                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ifetch             |   200306581      7.07%      7.07% |   175757821      6.21%     13.28% |   175207081      6.19%     19.47% |   175578307      6.20%     25.67% |   175731196      6.21%     31.87% |   175851818      6.21%     38.09% |   176329371      6.23%     44.31% |   176175372      6.22%     50.53% |   176842781      6.25%     56.78% |   176372341      6.23%     63.01% |   175457928      6.20%     69.20% |   175041907      6.18%     75.39% |   174365075      6.16%     81.54% |   174300749      6.16%     87.70% |   174395451      6.16%     93.86% |   173918163      6.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ifetch::total        2831631942                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Store              |    31055707      6.70%      6.70% |    28852961      6.22%     12.92% |    28803050      6.21%     19.14% |    28889129      6.23%     25.37% |    28932290      6.24%     31.61% |    28929572      6.24%     37.85% |    29007192      6.26%     44.11% |    28913691      6.24%     50.35% |    29015662      6.26%     56.61% |    28971517      6.25%     62.86% |    28882562      6.23%     69.09% |    28795296      6.21%     75.30% |    28697067      6.19%     81.49% |    28619974      6.17%     87.66% |    28625784      6.18%     93.84% |    28559290      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Store::total          463550744                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1_Replacement     |     1549453      7.49%      7.49% |     1035133      5.01%     12.50% |     1359659      6.58%     19.08% |     1419580      6.87%     25.94% |     1506559      7.29%     33.23% |     1525750      7.38%     40.61% |     1439993      6.96%     47.57% |     1126419      5.45%     53.02% |      931711      4.51%     57.53% |     1146137      5.54%     63.07% |     1438516      6.96%     70.03% |     1448280      7.00%     77.03% |     1509652      7.30%     84.33% |     1168509      5.65%     89.99% |     1072322      5.19%     95.17% |      998037      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1_Replacement::total     20675710                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Own_GETX           |          28      4.82%      4.82% |          50      8.61%     13.43% |          33      5.68%     19.10% |          35      6.02%     25.13% |          74     12.74%     37.87% |          37      6.37%     44.23% |          33      5.68%     49.91% |          23      3.96%     53.87% |          38      6.54%     60.41% |          46      7.92%     68.33% |          21      3.61%     71.94% |          22      3.79%     75.73% |          34      5.85%     81.58% |          56      9.64%     91.22% |          21      3.61%     94.84% |          30      5.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Own_GETX::total             581                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETX           |        2352      6.58%      6.58% |        1837      5.14%     11.73% |        2504      7.01%     18.74% |        2606      7.30%     26.03% |        2386      6.68%     32.71% |        2352      6.58%     39.30% |        2405      6.73%     46.03% |        2271      6.36%     52.39% |        1986      5.56%     57.95% |        2490      6.97%     64.92% |        2171      6.08%     70.99% |        2319      6.49%     77.49% |        2082      5.83%     83.32% |        2159      6.04%     89.36% |        2012      5.63%     94.99% |        1789      5.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETX::total           35721                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETS           |      149639      7.21%      7.21% |      107008      5.16%     12.37% |      145894      7.03%     19.40% |      139645      6.73%     26.13% |      175327      8.45%     34.57% |      165570      7.98%     42.55% |      143351      6.91%     49.46% |      123112      5.93%     55.39% |       80323      3.87%     59.26% |      117372      5.66%     64.92% |      129428      6.24%     71.15% |      137007      6.60%     77.76% |      143539      6.92%     84.67% |      115653      5.57%     90.25% |      110756      5.34%     95.58% |       91661      4.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETS::total         2075285                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Inv                |        2012      5.61%      5.61% |        1653      4.61%     10.22% |        2152      6.00%     16.22% |        2327      6.49%     22.71% |        2266      6.32%     29.03% |        2302      6.42%     35.45% |        2307      6.43%     41.88% |        2417      6.74%     48.63% |        1957      5.46%     54.08% |        2307      6.43%     60.52% |        2226      6.21%     66.72% |        2540      7.08%     73.81% |        2355      6.57%     80.38% |        2650      7.39%     87.77% |        2100      5.86%     93.62% |        2287      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Inv::total                35858                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ack                |        4326      6.31%      6.31% |        4187      6.11%     12.42% |        4474      6.53%     18.95% |        4325      6.31%     25.26% |        4510      6.58%     31.84% |        3819      5.57%     37.42% |        4374      6.38%     43.80% |        4631      6.76%     50.56% |        4239      6.19%     56.74% |        4898      7.15%     63.89% |        4006      5.85%     69.74% |        4614      6.73%     76.47% |        3962      5.78%     82.25% |        4209      6.14%     88.39% |        3793      5.53%     93.93% |        4161      6.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ack::total                68528                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Data               |      959409      6.92%      6.92% |      709581      5.12%     12.05% |      906772      6.54%     18.59% |      982038      7.09%     25.68% |     1024570      7.39%     33.07% |     1027170      7.41%     40.48% |      963768      6.96%     47.44% |      728237      5.26%     52.70% |      623856      4.50%     57.20% |      766889      5.53%     62.73% |      977654      7.06%     69.79% |      991563      7.16%     76.95% |     1014334      7.32%     84.27% |      773690      5.58%     89.85% |      736386      5.31%     95.16% |      669950      4.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Data::total            13855867                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Exclusive_Data     |      598267      8.61%      8.61% |      332301      4.78%     13.38% |      461109      6.63%     20.02% |      446340      6.42%     26.44% |      490443      7.05%     33.49% |      506919      7.29%     40.78% |      484561      6.97%     47.75% |      407148      5.86%     53.61% |      315331      4.54%     58.14% |      388063      5.58%     63.73% |      469093      6.75%     70.47% |      465566      6.70%     77.17% |      503490      7.24%     84.41% |      403841      5.81%     90.22% |      343814      4.95%     95.17% |      336112      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Exclusive_Data::total      6952398                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack      |      956780      6.93%      6.93% |      707242      5.12%     12.05% |      904040      6.55%     18.60% |      979109      7.09%     25.69% |     1021601      7.40%     33.09% |     1024255      7.42%     40.50% |      960851      6.96%     47.46% |      724950      5.25%     52.71% |      621132      4.50%     57.21% |      763877      5.53%     62.74% |      974772      7.06%     69.80% |      988306      7.16%     76.96% |     1011398      7.32%     84.28% |      770245      5.58%     89.86% |      733619      5.31%     95.17% |      666883      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack::total     13809060                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack_Data |      590078      8.64%      8.64% |      325582      4.77%     13.41% |      452993      6.64%     20.05% |      438086      6.42%     26.46% |      482296      7.06%     33.53% |      498975      7.31%     40.84% |      476534      6.98%     47.82% |      398947      5.84%     53.66% |      308321      4.52%     58.18% |      379850      5.56%     63.74% |      461404      6.76%     70.50% |      457622      6.70%     77.20% |      495830      7.26%     84.46% |      395678      5.80%     90.26% |      336345      4.93%     95.18% |      328770      4.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      6827311                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Nack     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.All_acks           |       66031     11.15%     11.15% |       30424      5.14%     16.29% |       41094      6.94%     23.23% |       37539      6.34%     29.57% |       40807      6.89%     36.46% |       41294      6.97%     43.43% |       38980      6.58%     50.01% |       32768      5.53%     55.55% |       29263      4.94%     60.49% |       31614      5.34%     65.83% |       37012      6.25%     72.08% |       35621      6.02%     78.09% |       38330      6.47%     84.57% |       30929      5.22%     89.79% |       29672      5.01%     94.80% |       30793      5.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.All_acks::total          592171                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Use_Timeout        |      598294      8.60%      8.60% |      332351      4.78%     13.38% |      461142      6.63%     20.02% |      446375      6.42%     26.44% |      490517      7.05%     33.49% |      506956      7.29%     40.78% |      484594      6.97%     47.75% |      407171      5.86%     53.61% |      315369      4.54%     58.14% |      388109      5.58%     63.73% |      469114      6.75%     70.47% |      465588      6.70%     77.17% |      503524      7.24%     84.41% |      403897      5.81%     90.22% |      343835      4.95%     95.17% |      336142      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Use_Timeout::total      6952978                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Load             |     1490535      7.37%      7.37% |     1011276      5.00%     12.38% |     1326605      6.56%     18.94% |     1390669      6.88%     25.82% |     1474052      7.29%     33.11% |     1492605      7.38%     40.50% |     1409177      6.97%     47.47% |     1102426      5.45%     52.93% |      909744      4.50%     57.43% |     1123172      5.56%     62.98% |     1409527      6.97%     69.96% |     1421300      7.03%     76.99% |     1479297      7.32%     84.31% |     1146436      5.67%     89.98% |     1050331      5.20%     95.18% |      975082      4.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Load::total          20212234                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Ifetch           |        1138     25.62%     25.62% |         232      5.22%     30.85% |         215      4.84%     35.69% |         205      4.62%     40.31% |         228      5.13%     45.44% |         227      5.11%     50.55% |         205      4.62%     55.17% |         214      4.82%     59.99% |         218      4.91%     64.90% |         212      4.77%     69.67% |         229      5.16%     74.83% |         230      5.18%     80.00% |         231      5.20%     85.21% |         222      5.00%     90.20% |         218      4.91%     95.11% |         217      4.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Ifetch::total            4441                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Store            |       65496     11.23%     11.23% |       29822      5.11%     16.35% |       40635      6.97%     23.32% |       37042      6.35%     29.67% |       40178      6.89%     36.56% |       40830      7.00%     43.57% |       38438      6.59%     50.16% |       32039      5.50%     55.65% |       28603      4.91%     60.56% |       31000      5.32%     65.88% |       36519      6.26%     72.14% |       35056      6.01%     78.15% |       37858      6.49%     84.65% |       30229      5.18%     89.83% |       29147      5.00%     94.83% |       30139      5.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Store::total           583031                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.L1_Replacement   |        2595      6.60%      6.60% |        2309      5.87%     12.47% |        2626      6.68%     19.14% |        2385      6.06%     25.20% |        2662      6.77%     31.97% |        2520      6.41%     38.38% |        2608      6.63%     45.01% |        2522      6.41%     51.42% |        2258      5.74%     57.16% |        2410      6.13%     63.28% |        2340      5.95%     69.23% |        2352      5.98%     75.21% |        2424      6.16%     81.37% |        2586      6.57%     87.95% |        2358      5.99%     93.94% |        2383      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.L1_Replacement::total        39338                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Load             |     8033142      5.75%      5.75% |    10280128      7.36%     13.11% |     8947330      6.40%     19.51% |     8451946      6.05%     25.56% |     6553328      4.69%     30.26% |     7711386      5.52%     35.78% |     8255080      5.91%     41.68% |     8924829      6.39%     48.07% |    10553644      7.55%     55.63% |     9390955      6.72%     62.35% |     7673651      5.49%     67.84% |     8098504      5.80%     73.64% |     7710900      5.52%     79.16% |     9680242      6.93%     86.09% |     9909203      7.09%     93.18% |     9523745      6.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Load::total         139698013                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Ifetch           |   173625991      6.61%      6.61% |   156371994      5.95%     12.57% |   169059477      6.44%     19.00% |   175432391      6.68%     25.69% |   175002595      6.66%     32.35% |   175851591      6.70%     39.05% |   173908927      6.62%     45.67% |   170485965      6.49%     52.16% |   176373444      6.72%     58.88% |    32629712      1.24%     60.12% |   175447891      6.68%     66.80% |   174993426      6.66%     73.47% |   174360574      6.64%     80.11% |   174300527      6.64%     86.74% |   174394799      6.64%     93.39% |   173695947      6.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Ifetch::total      2625935251                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Store            |         507      5.92%      5.92% |         551      6.44%     12.36% |         426      4.98%     17.34% |         462      5.40%     22.74% |         555      6.49%     29.23% |         427      4.99%     34.22% |         509      5.95%     40.17% |         705      8.24%     48.40% |         622      7.27%     55.67% |         568      6.64%     62.31% |         472      5.52%     67.83% |         543      6.35%     74.17% |         438      5.12%     79.29% |         644      7.53%     86.82% |         504      5.89%     92.71% |         624      7.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Store::total             8557                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.L1_Replacement   |      956780      6.93%      6.93% |      707244      5.12%     12.05% |      904041      6.55%     18.60% |      979109      7.09%     25.69% |     1021601      7.40%     33.09% |     1024255      7.42%     40.50% |      960851      6.96%     47.46% |      724952      5.25%     52.71% |      621133      4.50%     57.21% |      763877      5.53%     62.74% |      974773      7.06%     69.80% |      988307      7.16%     76.96% |     1011398      7.32%     84.28% |      770245      5.58%     89.86% |      733619      5.31%     95.17% |      666888      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.L1_Replacement::total     13809073                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Fwd_GETS         |           4     10.53%     10.53% |           4     10.53%     21.05% |          23     60.53%     81.58% |           0      0.00%     81.58% |           4     10.53%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Fwd_GETS::total            38                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Inv              |        1965      5.62%      5.62% |        1588      4.54%     10.16% |        2107      6.03%     16.19% |        2270      6.49%     22.69% |        2222      6.36%     29.04% |        2255      6.45%     35.49% |        2251      6.44%     41.93% |        2363      6.76%     48.69% |        1894      5.42%     54.11% |        2251      6.44%     60.55% |        2176      6.22%     66.78% |        2480      7.09%     73.87% |        2286      6.54%     80.41% |        2575      7.37%     87.78% |        2044      5.85%     93.62% |        2229      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Inv::total              34956                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Load             |      173941      1.91%      1.91% |      328544      3.61%      5.52% |      208324      2.29%      7.80% |      269677      2.96%     10.76% |     1773119     19.47%     30.23% |      611868      6.72%     36.95% |      356305      3.91%     40.86% |     1609506     17.67%     58.53% |      614164      6.74%     65.27% |      577737      6.34%     71.61% |      835327      9.17%     80.78% |      321478      3.53%     84.31% |      182672      2.01%     86.32% |      196393      2.16%     88.47% |      207487      2.28%     90.75% |      842353      9.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Load::total           9108895                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Ifetch           |         361      0.00%      0.00% |    19384452     10.83%     10.83% |     6146714      3.44%     14.27% |      145278      0.08%     14.35% |      726469      0.41%     14.76% |           0      0.00%     14.76% |     2418930      1.35%     16.11% |     5689149      3.18%     19.29% |      390839      0.22%     19.51% |   143741939     80.34%     99.84% |        9808      0.01%     99.85% |       48218      0.03%     99.87% |        2589      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |         386      0.00%     99.88% |      221902      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Ifetch::total       178927034                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Store            |          28      4.80%      4.80% |          51      8.75%     13.55% |          33      5.66%     19.21% |          35      6.00%     25.21% |          74     12.69%     37.91% |          37      6.35%     44.25% |          33      5.66%     49.91% |          24      4.12%     54.03% |          38      6.52%     60.55% |          46      7.89%     68.44% |          21      3.60%     72.04% |          22      3.77%     75.81% |          34      5.83%     81.65% |          56      9.61%     91.25% |          21      3.60%     94.85% |          30      5.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Store::total              583                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.L1_Replacement   |       74888      7.68%      7.68% |       45019      4.61%     12.29% |       67324      6.90%     19.19% |       69268      7.10%     26.29% |       84452      8.66%     34.94% |       88708      9.09%     44.04% |       72420      7.42%     51.46% |       53862      5.52%     56.98% |       30283      3.10%     60.08% |       52967      5.43%     65.51% |       68200      6.99%     72.50% |       69803      7.15%     79.65% |       76660      7.86%     87.51% |       50756      5.20%     92.71% |       40138      4.11%     96.83% |       30966      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.L1_Replacement::total       975714                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETX         |         835      6.38%      6.38% |         577      4.41%     10.78% |         865      6.61%     17.39% |         970      7.41%     24.80% |         893      6.82%     31.62% |         850      6.49%     38.11% |         964      7.36%     45.47% |         871      6.65%     52.12% |         664      5.07%     57.19% |         948      7.24%     64.43% |         745      5.69%     70.12% |         906      6.92%     77.04% |         855      6.53%     83.57% |         864      6.60%     90.17% |         676      5.16%     95.33% |         611      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETX::total         13094                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETS         |       62563      6.68%      6.68% |       51762      5.52%     12.20% |       65541      6.99%     19.20% |       57369      6.12%     25.32% |       78142      8.34%     33.66% |       65198      6.96%     40.62% |       59193      6.32%     46.94% |       57527      6.14%     53.07% |       41591      4.44%     57.51% |       54182      5.78%     63.30% |       52564      5.61%     68.91% |       58047      6.20%     75.10% |       58770      6.27%     81.37% |       56903      6.07%     87.45% |       63655      6.79%     94.24% |       53964      5.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETS::total        936971                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Load             |     2927472     12.46%     12.46% |     1276197      5.43%     17.89% |     1366104      5.81%     23.71% |     1332576      5.67%     29.38% |     1325091      5.64%     35.02% |     1367911      5.82%     40.84% |     1420062      6.04%     46.88% |     1519116      6.47%     53.35% |     1345296      5.73%     59.08% |     1355776      5.77%     64.85% |     1382500      5.88%     70.73% |     1388402      5.91%     76.64% |     1410390      6.00%     82.64% |     1379355      5.87%     88.51% |     1377295      5.86%     94.38% |     1321167      5.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Load::total          23494710                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Ifetch           |    26673934     99.68%     99.68% |        1021      0.00%     99.69% |         549      0.00%     99.69% |         358      0.00%     99.69% |        1668      0.01%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |        1019      0.00%     99.70% |          22      0.00%     99.70% |       78186      0.29%     99.99% |         331      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          21      0.00%     99.99% |        1567      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Ifetch::total        26758724                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Store            |       27031      5.44%      5.44% |       30705      6.18%     11.61% |       34677      6.98%     18.59% |       31097      6.26%     24.84% |       34046      6.85%     31.69% |       32436      6.52%     38.22% |       33459      6.73%     44.95% |       32665      6.57%     51.52% |       31636      6.36%     57.88% |       29414      5.92%     63.80% |       31516      6.34%     70.14% |       28889      5.81%     75.95% |       29422      5.92%     81.87% |       30170      6.07%     87.94% |       28726      5.78%     93.72% |       31243      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Store::total           497132                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.L1_Replacement   |      391688      8.21%      8.21% |      222514      4.67%     12.88% |      313234      6.57%     19.45% |      299935      6.29%     25.73% |      326486      6.85%     32.58% |      337432      7.07%     39.65% |      335094      7.03%     46.68% |      283219      5.94%     52.62% |      218443      4.58%     57.20% |      269180      5.64%     62.84% |      327911      6.88%     69.72% |      326586      6.85%     76.57% |      354697      7.44%     84.00% |      287284      6.02%     90.03% |      240991      5.05%     95.08% |      234740      4.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.L1_Replacement::total      4769434                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETX         |         462      5.29%      5.29% |         419      4.80%     10.09% |         634      7.26%     17.36% |         576      6.60%     23.96% |         556      6.37%     30.33% |         534      6.12%     36.45% |         529      6.06%     42.51% |         557      6.38%     48.89% |         514      5.89%     54.78% |         631      7.23%     62.01% |         560      6.42%     68.42% |         554      6.35%     74.77% |         484      5.55%     80.32% |         603      6.91%     87.23% |         594      6.81%     94.03% |         521      5.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETX::total          8728                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETS         |       75755      7.65%      7.65% |       45673      4.62%     12.27% |       68245      6.90%     19.17% |       70288      7.10%     26.27% |       85462      8.64%     34.90% |       89596      9.05%     43.96% |       73470      7.42%     51.38% |       54760      5.53%     56.91% |       31004      3.13%     60.05% |       53987      5.46%     65.50% |       68967      6.97%     72.47% |       70734      7.15%     79.62% |       77575      7.84%     87.46% |       51676      5.22%     92.68% |       40841      4.13%     96.80% |       31620      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETS::total        989653                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Load           |      373762      7.43%      7.43% |      233349      4.64%     12.07% |      336576      6.69%     18.76% |      322875      6.42%     25.17% |      371908      7.39%     32.57% |      369673      7.35%     39.91% |      359907      7.15%     47.07% |      303455      6.03%     53.10% |      222540      4.42%     57.52% |      285994      5.68%     63.21% |      350440      6.97%     70.17% |      339838      6.75%     76.93% |      373127      7.42%     84.34% |      301133      5.99%     90.33% |      249201      4.95%     95.28% |      237496      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Load::total         5031274                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Ifetch         |        5157     79.44%     79.44% |         122      1.88%     81.32% |         126      1.94%     83.26% |          75      1.16%     84.41% |         236      3.64%     88.05% |           0      0.00%     88.05% |         290      4.47%     92.51% |          22      0.34%     92.85% |          94      1.45%     94.30% |         147      2.26%     96.57% |           0      0.00%     96.57% |          12      0.18%     96.75% |         114      1.76%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |          35      0.54%     99.04% |          62      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Ifetch::total          6492                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Store          |       36890     38.88%     38.88% |        2564      2.70%     41.58% |        3224      3.40%     44.98% |        6905      7.28%     52.25% |        3123      3.29%     55.54% |        5627      5.93%     61.47% |        3030      3.19%     64.67% |        3168      3.34%     68.00% |        4482      4.72%     72.73% |        3243      3.42%     76.15% |        3112      3.28%     79.43% |        3168      3.34%     82.76% |        2976      3.14%     85.90% |        3205      3.38%     89.28% |        2982      3.14%     92.42% |        7193      7.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Store::total          94892                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETX       |         151      8.68%      8.68% |         107      6.15%     14.84% |         196     11.27%     26.11% |         130      7.48%     33.58% |         168      9.66%     43.24% |         135      7.76%     51.01% |         100      5.75%     56.76% |         114      6.56%     63.31% |         116      6.67%     69.98% |         154      8.86%     78.84% |          97      5.58%     84.42% |         114      6.56%     90.97% |          59      3.39%     94.36% |          47      2.70%     97.07% |          32      1.84%     98.91% |          19      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total         1739                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETS       |        1998     11.50%     11.50% |        1405      8.09%     19.59% |        1961     11.29%     30.88% |        1897     10.92%     41.80% |        1864     10.73%     52.53% |        1443      8.31%     60.84% |        1523      8.77%     69.60% |        1278      7.36%     76.96% |         701      4.04%     81.00% |         964      5.55%     86.55% |         573      3.30%     89.85% |         640      3.68%     93.53% |         440      2.53%     96.06% |         277      1.59%     97.66% |         254      1.46%     99.12% |         153      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total        17371                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Use_Timeout    |      495373      7.91%      7.91% |      299363      4.78%     12.68% |      416824      6.65%     19.34% |      401931      6.41%     25.75% |      446587      7.13%     32.88% |      460035      7.34%     40.22% |      442584      7.06%     47.28% |      371235      5.92%     53.21% |      281624      4.49%     57.70% |      353252      5.64%     63.34% |      428990      6.85%     70.19% |      426799      6.81%     77.00% |      462218      7.38%     84.37% |      369763      5.90%     90.28% |      311181      4.97%     95.24% |      298156      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      6265915                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Load            |    29810805      6.69%      6.69% |    27998179      6.29%     12.98% |    27586287      6.19%     19.17% |    27597443      6.20%     25.37% |    27589547      6.19%     31.56% |    27565226      6.19%     37.75% |    27704546      6.22%     43.97% |    28015675      6.29%     50.26% |    28266742      6.35%     56.60% |    27911278      6.27%     62.87% |    27558097      6.19%     69.06% |    27525022      6.18%     75.24% |    27327834      6.14%     81.37% |    27592960      6.19%     87.57% |    27729500      6.23%     93.79% |    27652641      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Load::total        445431782                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Store           |    30815281      6.68%      6.68% |    28754801      6.23%     12.91% |    28671553      6.21%     19.12% |    28761886      6.23%     25.35% |    28799732      6.24%     31.59% |    28788873      6.24%     37.83% |    28878183      6.26%     44.08% |    28804913      6.24%     50.33% |    28913081      6.26%     56.59% |    28867419      6.25%     62.84% |    28755745      6.23%     69.08% |    28674849      6.21%     75.29% |    28567437      6.19%     81.48% |    28515099      6.18%     87.66% |    28528096      6.18%     93.84% |    28445214      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Store::total       461542162                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.L1_Replacement  |      123502     11.41%     11.41% |       58047      5.36%     16.78% |       72434      6.69%     23.47% |       68883      6.37%     29.84% |       71358      6.59%     36.43% |       72835      6.73%     43.16% |       69020      6.38%     49.54% |       61864      5.72%     55.26% |       59594      5.51%     60.76% |       57703      5.33%     66.09% |       65292      6.03%     72.13% |       61232      5.66%     77.79% |       64473      5.96%     83.74% |       57638      5.33%     89.07% |       55216      5.10%     94.17% |       63060      5.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1082151                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETX        |         701      6.83%      6.83% |         563      5.49%     12.31% |         659      6.42%     18.74% |         691      6.73%     25.47% |         609      5.93%     31.40% |         678      6.61%     38.01% |         688      6.70%     44.71% |         618      6.02%     50.73% |         590      5.75%     56.48% |         662      6.45%     62.93% |         656      6.39%     69.32% |         666      6.49%     75.81% |         624      6.08%     81.89% |         601      5.86%     87.74% |         655      6.38%     94.13% |         603      5.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETX::total        10264                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETS        |        5330      6.32%      6.32% |        4622      5.48%     11.79% |        5434      6.44%     18.23% |        5501      6.52%     24.75% |        5545      6.57%     31.33% |        5380      6.38%     37.70% |        5290      6.27%     43.97% |        5659      6.71%     50.68% |        4738      5.62%     56.29% |        5445      6.45%     62.75% |        5225      6.19%     68.94% |        5314      6.30%     75.24% |        5170      6.13%     81.36% |        5591      6.63%     87.99% |        5039      5.97%     93.96% |        5095      6.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        84378                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Load          |       41247     91.24%     91.24% |         284      0.63%     91.87% |         224      0.50%     92.36% |         267      0.59%     92.95% |         251      0.56%     93.51% |         256      0.57%     94.07% |         247      0.55%     94.62% |         269      0.60%     95.22% |         266      0.59%     95.80% |         251      0.56%     96.36% |         264      0.58%     96.94% |         248      0.55%     97.49% |         307      0.68%     98.17% |         298      0.66%     98.83% |         247      0.55%     99.38% |         282      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Load::total          45208                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Store         |      110474     13.40%     13.40% |       34467      4.18%     17.58% |       52502      6.37%     23.95% |       51702      6.27%     30.22% |       54582      6.62%     36.84% |       61342      7.44%     44.28% |       53540      6.49%     50.78% |       40177      4.87%     55.65% |       37200      4.51%     60.16% |       39827      4.83%     65.00% |       55177      6.69%     71.69% |       52769      6.40%     78.09% |       58902      7.14%     85.23% |       40571      4.92%     90.16% |       36308      4.40%     94.56% |       44847      5.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Store::total        824387                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETX      |         203     10.72%     10.72% |         170      8.98%     19.70% |         150      7.92%     27.63% |         239     12.63%     40.25% |         160      8.45%     48.71% |         155      8.19%     56.89% |         124      6.55%     63.44% |         110      5.81%     69.26% |         102      5.39%     74.64% |          95      5.02%     79.66% |         113      5.97%     85.63% |          79      4.17%     89.80% |          60      3.17%     92.97% |          43      2.27%     95.25% |          55      2.91%     98.15% |          35      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total         1893                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETS      |        3962      8.54%      8.54% |        3519      7.58%     16.12% |        4662     10.05%     26.17% |        4564      9.83%     36.00% |        4283      9.23%     45.23% |        3920      8.45%     53.67% |        3852      8.30%     61.98% |        3861      8.32%     70.29% |        2269      4.89%     75.18% |        2766      5.96%     81.14% |        2071      4.46%     85.61% |        2237      4.82%     90.43% |        1537      3.31%     93.74% |        1172      2.53%     96.26% |         940      2.03%     98.29% |         794      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total        46409                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Use_Timeout   |      102921     14.98%     14.98% |       32988      4.80%     19.78% |       44318      6.45%     26.23% |       44444      6.47%     32.70% |       43930      6.39%     39.09% |       46921      6.83%     45.92% |       42010      6.11%     52.04% |       35936      5.23%     57.27% |       33745      4.91%     62.18% |       34857      5.07%     67.25% |       40124      5.84%     73.09% |       38789      5.65%     78.74% |       41306      6.01%     84.75% |       34134      4.97%     89.72% |       32654      4.75%     94.47% |       37986      5.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       687063                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Ack             |        2357      6.27%      6.27% |        1999      5.32%     11.58% |        2360      6.28%     17.86% |        2449      6.51%     24.37% |        2375      6.32%     30.69% |        2194      5.83%     36.52% |        2327      6.19%     42.71% |        2355      6.26%     48.97% |        2095      5.57%     54.54% |        2615      6.95%     61.50% |        2246      5.97%     67.47% |        2651      7.05%     74.52% |        2427      6.45%     80.97% |        2384      6.34%     87.31% |        2319      6.17%     93.48% |        2452      6.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Ack::total             37605                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Exclusive_Data  |       65543     11.22%     11.22% |       29888      5.12%     16.34% |       40680      6.97%     23.31% |       37099      6.35%     29.66% |       40222      6.89%     36.55% |       40877      7.00%     43.55% |       38494      6.59%     50.14% |       32094      5.50%     55.64% |       28666      4.91%     60.55% |       31056      5.32%     65.87% |       36569      6.26%     72.13% |       35116      6.01%     78.14% |       37927      6.50%     84.64% |       30304      5.19%     89.83% |       29203      5.00%     94.83% |       30196      5.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       583934                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Inv             |          47      5.22%      5.22% |          65      7.21%     12.43% |          45      4.99%     17.43% |          57      6.33%     23.75% |          44      4.88%     28.63% |          47      5.22%     33.85% |          56      6.22%     40.07% |          54      5.99%     46.06% |          63      6.99%     53.05% |          56      6.22%     59.27% |          50      5.55%     64.82% |          60      6.66%     71.48% |          69      7.66%     79.13% |          75      8.32%     87.46% |          56      6.22%     93.67% |          57      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Inv::total               901                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Ack             |         672      5.59%      5.59% |         673      5.60%     11.19% |         659      5.48%     16.68% |         603      5.02%     21.69% |         654      5.44%     27.14% |         523      4.35%     31.49% |         696      5.79%     37.28% |         967      8.05%     45.33% |         827      6.88%     52.21% |         901      7.50%     59.71% |         695      5.78%     65.49% |         879      7.31%     72.81% |         619      5.15%     77.96% |         925      7.70%     85.65% |         785      6.53%     92.19% |         939      7.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Ack::total             12017                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Exclusive_Data  |         460      6.01%      6.01% |         486      6.35%     12.36% |         381      4.98%     17.33% |         405      5.29%     22.62% |         511      6.67%     29.30% |         380      4.96%     34.26% |         453      5.92%     40.18% |         651      8.50%     48.68% |         559      7.30%     55.98% |         512      6.69%     62.67% |         422      5.51%     68.18% |         483      6.31%     74.49% |         369      4.82%     79.31% |         569      7.43%     86.74% |         448      5.85%     92.59% |         567      7.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Exclusive_Data::total         7656                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Own_GETX        |          28      4.82%      4.82% |          50      8.61%     13.43% |          33      5.68%     19.10% |          35      6.02%     25.13% |          74     12.74%     37.87% |          37      6.37%     44.23% |          33      5.68%     49.91% |          23      3.96%     53.87% |          38      6.54%     60.41% |          46      7.92%     68.33% |          21      3.61%     71.94% |          22      3.79%     75.73% |          34      5.85%     81.58% |          56      9.64%     91.22% |          21      3.61%     94.84% |          30      5.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Own_GETX::total          581                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETX        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Ack             |        1297      6.86%      6.86% |        1515      8.01%     14.87% |        1455      7.70%     22.57% |        1273      6.73%     29.30% |        1481      7.83%     37.14% |        1102      5.83%     42.97% |        1351      7.15%     50.11% |        1309      6.92%     57.03% |        1317      6.97%     64.00% |        1382      7.31%     71.31% |        1065      5.63%     76.94% |        1084      5.73%     82.68% |         916      4.85%     87.52% |         900      4.76%     92.28% |         689      3.64%     95.93% |         770      4.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Ack::total             18906                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.All_acks        |       66031     11.15%     11.15% |       30424      5.14%     16.29% |       41094      6.94%     23.23% |       37539      6.34%     29.57% |       40807      6.89%     36.46% |       41294      6.97%     43.43% |       38980      6.58%     50.01% |       32768      5.53%     55.55% |       29263      4.94%     60.49% |       31614      5.34%     65.83% |       37012      6.25%     72.08% |       35621      6.02%     78.09% |       38330      6.47%     84.57% |       30929      5.22%     89.79% |       29672      5.01%     94.80% |       30793      5.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.All_acks::total       592171                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Data            |      959409      6.92%      6.92% |      709581      5.12%     12.05% |      906772      6.54%     18.59% |      982038      7.09%     25.68% |     1024570      7.39%     33.07% |     1027170      7.41%     40.48% |      963768      6.96%     47.44% |      728237      5.26%     52.70% |      623856      4.50%     57.20% |      766889      5.53%     62.73% |      977654      7.06%     69.79% |      991563      7.16%     76.95% |     1014334      7.32%     84.27% |      773690      5.58%     89.85% |      736386      5.31%     95.16% |      669950      4.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Data::total         13855867                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Data  |      532264      8.37%      8.37% |      301927      4.75%     13.11% |      420048      6.60%     19.72% |      408836      6.43%     26.15% |      449710      7.07%     33.22% |      465662      7.32%     40.54% |      445614      7.01%     47.54% |      374403      5.89%     53.43% |      286106      4.50%     57.93% |      356495      5.60%     63.53% |      432102      6.79%     70.32% |      429967      6.76%     77.08% |      465194      7.31%     84.40% |      372968      5.86%     90.26% |      314163      4.94%     95.20% |      305349      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      6360808                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Inv             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Inv::total                 1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack   |      956780      6.93%      6.93% |      707242      5.12%     12.05% |      904040      6.55%     18.60% |      979109      7.09%     25.69% |     1021601      7.40%     33.09% |     1024255      7.42%     40.50% |      960851      6.96%     47.46% |      724950      5.25%     52.71% |      621132      4.50%     57.21% |      763877      5.53%     62.74% |      974772      7.06%     69.80% |      988306      7.16%     76.96% |     1011398      7.32%     84.28% |      770245      5.58%     89.86% |      733619      5.31%     95.17% |      666883      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack::total     13809060                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     16.67%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           4     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total           12                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Fwd_GETS        |          21      7.09%      7.09% |          15      5.07%     12.16% |          18      6.08%     18.24% |          15      5.07%     23.31% |          17      5.74%     29.05% |          16      5.41%     34.46% |          13      4.39%     38.85% |          14      4.73%     43.58% |          15      5.07%     48.65% |          17      5.74%     54.39% |          18      6.08%     60.47% |          24      8.11%     68.58% |          37     12.50%     81.08% |          17      5.74%     86.82% |          18      6.08%     92.91% |          21      7.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Fwd_GETS::total          296                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       74894      7.67%      7.67% |       45023      4.61%     12.29% |       67334      6.90%     19.19% |       69279      7.10%     26.29% |       84462      8.65%     34.94% |       88723      9.09%     44.03% |       72430      7.42%     51.46% |       53874      5.52%     56.98% |       30288      3.10%     60.08% |       52978      5.43%     65.51% |       68210      6.99%     72.50% |       69814      7.15%     79.65% |       76670      7.86%     87.51% |       50773      5.20%     92.71% |       40147      4.11%     96.83% |       30980      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       975879                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETX        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETS        |           6      3.64%      3.64% |           4      2.42%      6.06% |          10      6.06%     12.12% |          11      6.67%     18.79% |          10      6.06%     24.85% |          15      9.09%     33.94% |          10      6.06%     40.00% |          12      7.27%     47.27% |           5      3.03%     50.30% |          11      6.67%     56.97% |          10      6.06%     63.03% |          11      6.67%     69.70% |          10      6.06%     75.76% |          17     10.30%     86.06% |           9      5.45%     91.52% |          14      8.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETS::total          165                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      515184      8.80%      8.80% |      280557      4.79%     13.60% |      385658      6.59%     20.19% |      368807      6.30%     26.49% |      397834      6.80%     33.29% |      410252      7.01%     40.30% |      404104      6.91%     47.21% |      345071      5.90%     53.11% |      278032      4.75%     57.86% |      326872      5.59%     63.44% |      393193      6.72%     70.16% |      387807      6.63%     76.79% |      419160      7.16%     83.95% |      344904      5.89%     89.85% |      296198      5.06%     94.91% |      297786      5.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      5851419                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total            1                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Nack  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.II.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETS            |     2819874     13.16%     13.16% |     1673601      7.81%     20.97% |     1670897      7.80%     28.76% |     1562120      7.29%     36.05% |     1336284      6.24%     42.29% |     1464473      6.83%     49.12% |     1596877      7.45%     56.57% |      645104      3.01%     59.58% |     1324188      6.18%     65.76% |     1059762      4.95%     70.71% |      927517      4.33%     75.04% |     1128988      5.27%     80.30% |     1167548      5.45%     85.75% |      872159      4.07%     89.82% |     1295260      6.04%     95.87% |      885896      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETS::total         21430548                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETX            |      108543     15.77%     15.77% |       35628      5.18%     20.95% |       24938      3.62%     24.57% |       38020      5.52%     30.10% |       19564      2.84%     32.94% |       38588      5.61%     38.55% |       21478      3.12%     41.67% |       39503      5.74%     47.41% |       42102      6.12%     53.52% |       41460      6.02%     59.55% |       54379      7.90%     67.45% |       56979      8.28%     75.73% |       35143      5.11%     80.84% |       64398      9.36%     90.19% |       40851      5.94%     96.13% |       26638      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETX::total           688212                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTO            |       99337     10.16%     10.16% |       90343      9.24%     19.39% |       81403      8.32%     27.72% |       90157      9.22%     36.94% |       53359      5.46%     42.39% |       52106      5.33%     47.72% |       82171      8.40%     56.12% |       26066      2.67%     58.79% |       60415      6.18%     64.96% |       55051      5.63%     70.59% |       32407      3.31%     73.91% |       54120      5.53%     79.44% |       57478      5.88%     85.32% |       42912      4.39%     89.70% |       56568      5.78%     95.49% |       44134      4.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTO::total           978027                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTX            |      488031      8.34%      8.34% |      294218      5.03%     13.37% |      428714      7.33%     20.69% |      331903      5.67%     26.36% |      389791      6.66%     33.02% |      294419      5.03%     38.06% |      468260      8.00%     46.06% |      194593      3.33%     49.38% |      443102      7.57%     56.95% |      344209      5.88%     62.84% |      364261      6.22%     69.06% |      328383      5.61%     74.67% |      485704      8.30%     82.97% |      304497      5.20%     88.17% |      412127      7.04%     95.22% |      279975      4.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTX::total          5852187                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS_only       |      112515      9.59%      9.59% |       99598      8.49%     18.08% |       95555      8.15%     26.23% |      104306      8.89%     35.12% |       65237      5.56%     40.68% |       62989      5.37%     46.05% |       93049      7.93%     53.98% |       35759      3.05%     57.03% |       72310      6.16%     63.20% |       79031      6.74%     69.93% |       40551      3.46%     73.39% |       66748      5.69%     79.08% |       67892      5.79%     84.87% |       53102      4.53%     89.39% |       68708      5.86%     95.25% |       55699      4.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS_only::total      1173049                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS            |     1275932     10.04%     10.04% |     1145363      9.01%     19.05% |     1070757      8.42%     27.47% |     1030397      8.11%     35.57% |      829492      6.52%     42.10% |      912738      7.18%     49.28% |      961053      7.56%     56.84% |      418480      3.29%     60.13% |      769328      6.05%     66.18% |      614925      4.84%     71.02% |      534765      4.21%     75.22% |      727524      5.72%     80.95% |      585721      4.61%     85.55% |      521370      4.10%     89.65% |      790738      6.22%     95.87% |      524514      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS::total         12713097                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.All_Acks           |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.71% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4119      6.27%     50.47% |        4130      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.35% |        4048      6.16%     81.51% |        4071      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.All_Acks::total           65744                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data               |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.70% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4120      6.27%     50.46% |        4132      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.35% |        4051      6.16%     81.51% |        4071      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data::total               65750                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data_Exclusive     |        1077      8.18%      8.18% |         704      5.35%     13.53% |         955      7.25%     20.78% |         705      5.35%     26.14% |         845      6.42%     32.55% |         656      4.98%     37.54% |         966      7.34%     44.87% |         675      5.13%     50.00% |        1030      7.82%     57.82% |         699      5.31%     63.13% |         942      7.15%     70.29% |         629      4.78%     75.06% |        1149      8.73%     83.79% |         678      5.15%     88.94% |         885      6.72%     95.66% |         571      4.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data_Exclusive::total        13166                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBCLEANDATA     |       16971     11.04%     11.04% |        4167      2.71%     13.75% |       11770      7.66%     21.41% |        5355      3.48%     24.89% |       12663      8.24%     33.13% |        4138      2.69%     35.82% |       19458     12.66%     48.48% |        4129      2.69%     51.17% |       13675      8.90%     60.06% |        4315      2.81%     62.87% |       14404      9.37%     72.24% |        4433      2.88%     75.12% |       19802     12.88%     88.01% |        5233      3.40%     91.41% |        9865      6.42%     97.83% |        3338      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total       153716                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     |      569556      8.53%      8.53% |      380044      5.69%     14.23% |      498030      7.46%     21.69% |      416456      6.24%     27.93% |      430431      6.45%     34.38% |      342312      5.13%     39.51% |      530785      7.95%     47.46% |      216487      3.24%     50.71% |      489792      7.34%     58.05% |      394802      5.92%     63.96% |      382239      5.73%     69.69% |      377975      5.66%     75.36% |      523250      7.84%     83.20% |      342043      5.13%     88.32% |      458700      6.87%     95.19% |      320692      4.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total      6673594                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack      |        1520      7.97%      7.97% |        1096      5.75%     13.71% |        1339      7.02%     20.73% |        1111      5.82%     26.56% |        1258      6.60%     33.15% |         995      5.22%     38.37% |        1360      7.13%     45.50% |        1060      5.56%     51.06% |        1429      7.49%     58.55% |        1045      5.48%     64.03% |        1326      6.95%     70.98% |         965      5.06%     76.04% |        1475      7.73%     83.77% |        1030      5.40%     89.17% |        1203      6.31%     95.48% |         863      4.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack::total        19075                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Unblock            |     2768212     10.01%     10.01% |     2472891      8.94%     18.94% |     2316957      8.38%     27.32% |     2257908      8.16%     35.48% |     1782899      6.44%     41.93% |     1949757      7.05%     48.97% |     2101240      7.60%     56.57% |      907411      3.28%     59.85% |     1680093      6.07%     65.92% |     1383693      5.00%     70.92% |     1147853      4.15%     75.07% |     1583142      5.72%     80.80% |     1302722      4.71%     85.50% |     1145501      4.14%     89.65% |     1710372      6.18%     95.83% |     1154277      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Unblock::total         27664928                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock  |      608370      8.75%      8.75% |      395461      5.69%     14.44% |      517712      7.45%     21.88% |      431976      6.21%     28.10% |      450829      6.48%     34.58% |      355750      5.12%     39.70% |      557779      8.02%     47.72% |      226366      3.26%     50.97% |      511117      7.35%     58.33% |      404140      5.81%     64.14% |      402954      5.80%     69.93% |      387568      5.57%     75.51% |      547732      7.88%     83.39% |      353507      5.08%     88.47% |      472915      6.80%     95.27% |      328803      4.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock::total      6952979                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2_Replacement     |        1520      7.96%      7.96% |        1096      5.74%     13.71% |        1339      7.02%     20.72% |        1111      5.82%     26.55% |        1258      6.59%     33.14% |         995      5.21%     38.35% |        1360      7.13%     45.48% |        1062      5.56%     51.04% |        1432      7.50%     58.55% |        1045      5.48%     64.02% |        1326      6.95%     70.97% |         965      5.06%     76.03% |        1479      7.75%     83.78% |        1030      5.40%     89.17% |        1203      6.30%     95.48% |         863      4.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2_Replacement::total        19084                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETS         |        1077      8.18%      8.18% |         704      5.34%     13.52% |         955      7.25%     20.77% |         705      5.35%     26.12% |         845      6.42%     32.54% |         656      4.98%     37.52% |         966      7.33%     44.85% |         676      5.13%     49.98% |        1032      7.83%     57.82% |         699      5.31%     63.13% |         942      7.15%     70.28% |         629      4.78%     75.05% |        1152      8.75%     83.80% |         678      5.15%     88.95% |         885      6.72%     95.67% |         571      4.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETS::total         13172                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETX         |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.71% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4119      6.27%     50.47% |        4130      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.36% |        4048      6.16%     81.51% |        4070      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETX::total         65743                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_GETS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     28.95%     28.95% |           1      2.63%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |          26     68.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_GETS::total           38                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS_only   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS_only::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           3     50.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETS        |      117393     10.93%     10.93% |       99051      9.22%     20.15% |       87471      8.14%     28.29% |       97886      9.11%     37.40% |       59468      5.54%     42.94% |       59296      5.52%     48.46% |       88014      8.19%     56.65% |       30232      2.81%     59.47% |       66398      6.18%     65.65% |       58525      5.45%     71.10% |       37296      3.47%     74.57% |       57750      5.38%     79.95% |       60948      5.67%     85.62% |       47354      4.41%     90.03% |       59716      5.56%     95.59% |       47398      4.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETS::total      1074196                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETX        |        2627     13.83%     13.83% |        1783      9.39%     23.22% |        1063      5.60%     28.82% |        1723      9.07%     37.89% |        1073      5.65%     43.54% |        1573      8.28%     51.82% |        1056      5.56%     57.38% |        1014      5.34%     62.72% |        1089      5.73%     68.45% |         923      4.86%     73.31% |         883      4.65%     77.96% |         964      5.08%     83.04% |         570      3.00%     86.04% |        1180      6.21%     92.25% |         563      2.96%     95.21% |         909      4.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETX::total        18993                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTX        |      487835      8.34%      8.34% |      294089      5.03%     13.36% |      428645      7.33%     20.69% |      331831      5.67%     26.36% |      389766      6.66%     33.02% |      294382      5.03%     38.05% |      468222      8.00%     46.05% |      194588      3.33%     49.38% |      443095      7.57%     56.95% |      344175      5.88%     62.83% |      364255      6.23%     69.06% |      328348      5.61%     74.67% |      485686      8.30%     82.97% |      304440      5.20%     88.17% |      412102      7.04%     95.22% |      279961      4.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTX::total      5851420                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTS::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETS       |       13497      6.86%      6.86% |        9377      4.76%     11.62% |       14418      7.32%     18.94% |       14276      7.25%     26.19% |       11971      6.08%     32.27% |       11012      5.59%     37.86% |       11035      5.60%     43.47% |        9800      4.98%     48.45% |       11958      6.07%     54.52% |       24001     12.19%     66.71% |        8248      4.19%     70.90% |       12660      6.43%     77.33% |       10542      5.35%     82.68% |       10295      5.23%     87.91% |       12176      6.18%     94.10% |       11623      5.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETS::total       196889                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETX       |          19     10.38%     10.38% |           3      1.64%     12.02% |          27     14.75%     26.78% |           0      0.00%     26.78% |          23     12.57%     39.34% |           4      2.19%     41.53% |          13      7.10%     48.63% |           6      3.28%     51.91% |          22     12.02%     63.93% |           1      0.55%     64.48% |          26     14.21%     78.69% |           3      1.64%     80.33% |          19     10.38%     90.71% |           1      0.55%     91.26% |          14      7.65%     98.91% |           2      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETX::total          183                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_PUTO       |       13915      8.69%      8.69% |       12343      7.71%     16.41% |       13587      8.49%     24.90% |       12668      7.92%     32.81% |        9310      5.82%     38.63% |        8493      5.31%     43.94% |       13111      8.19%     52.13% |        4985      3.11%     55.24% |       10650      6.65%     61.90% |       10003      6.25%     68.15% |        6044      3.78%     71.93% |        8378      5.23%     77.16% |       10585      6.61%     83.77% |        8179      5.11%     88.89% |        9847      6.15%     95.04% |        7941      4.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_PUTO::total       160039                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETS      |      114179     15.42%     15.42% |       67557      9.12%     24.55% |       63964      8.64%     33.19% |       75781     10.24%     43.42% |       34219      4.62%     48.04% |       39173      5.29%     53.33% |       67736      9.15%     62.48% |       18896      2.55%     65.03% |       35923      4.85%     69.89% |       53401      7.21%     77.10% |       15714      2.12%     79.22% |       34559      4.67%     83.89% |       28692      3.88%     87.76% |       32872      4.44%     92.20% |       35041      4.73%     96.94% |       22675      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETS::total       740382                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETX      |        4881     36.17%     36.17% |        1463     10.84%     47.01% |         693      5.14%     52.15% |        1088      8.06%     60.21% |         580      4.30%     64.51% |        1051      7.79%     72.30% |         516      3.82%     76.12% |         269      1.99%     78.12% |         676      5.01%     83.13% |         177      1.31%     84.44% |         461      3.42%     87.85% |         276      2.05%     89.90% |         353      2.62%     92.52% |         502      3.72%     96.24% |         287      2.13%     98.36% |         221      1.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETX::total        13494                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTO      |       84738     10.39%     10.39% |       77754      9.53%     19.92% |       67554      8.28%     28.20% |       77296      9.48%     37.68% |       44010      5.40%     43.07% |       43568      5.34%     48.42% |       68899      8.45%     56.86% |       21039      2.58%     59.44% |       49717      6.10%     65.54% |       44932      5.51%     71.05% |       26343      3.23%     74.28% |       45674      5.60%     79.88% |       46773      5.73%     85.61% |       34641      4.25%     89.86% |       46612      5.71%     95.57% |       36125      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTO::total       815675                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTX      |          39     23.64%     23.64% |          25     15.15%     38.79% |          14      8.48%     47.27% |          16      9.70%     56.97% |           8      4.85%     61.82% |           8      4.85%     66.67% |          11      6.67%     73.33% |           1      0.61%     73.94% |           2      1.21%     75.15% |           7      4.24%     79.39% |           1      0.61%     80.00% |           8      4.85%     84.85% |           4      2.42%     87.27% |          14      8.48%     95.76% |           4      2.42%     98.18% |           3      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTX::total          165                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only |       27432      7.68%      7.68% |       21723      6.08%     13.76% |       28032      7.85%     21.61% |       26944      7.54%     29.16% |       21304      5.97%     35.12% |       19509      5.46%     40.59% |       24160      6.77%     47.35% |       14791      4.14%     51.49% |       22630      6.34%     57.83% |       34006      9.52%     67.35% |       14318      4.01%     71.36% |       21046      5.89%     77.26% |       21146      5.92%     83.18% |       18475      5.17%     88.35% |       22037      6.17%     94.52% |       19566      5.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only::total       357119                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS      |       38901     11.35%     11.35% |       26590      7.76%     19.11% |       30056      8.77%     27.88% |       33344      9.73%     37.61% |       16666      4.86%     42.47% |       19054      5.56%     48.03% |       30627      8.94%     56.97% |       11527      3.36%     60.33% |       18152      5.30%     65.63% |       34261     10.00%     75.63% |        7532      2.20%     77.82% |       14729      4.30%     82.12% |       13392      3.91%     86.03% |       19263      5.62%     91.65% |       17090      4.99%     96.64% |       11529      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS::total       342713                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L1_GETS          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L1_GETS::total              2                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L1_GETX          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L1_GETX::total              1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L2_Replacement   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           3     37.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L2_Replacement::total            8                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETS       |     1163333      9.75%      9.75% |     1069839      8.97%     18.72% |      999357      8.38%     27.10% |      949043      7.96%     35.06% |      792049      6.64%     41.70% |      874582      7.33%     49.03% |      889842      7.46%     56.49% |      399131      3.35%     59.83% |      731796      6.13%     65.97% |      559599      4.69%     70.66% |      517656      4.34%     75.00% |      690347      5.79%     80.79% |      554650      4.65%     85.44% |      486869      4.08%     89.52% |      751574      6.30%     95.82% |      498870      4.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETS::total     11928537                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETX       |         136      8.92%      8.92% |          46      3.02%     11.94% |         207     13.58%     25.52% |          66      4.33%     29.86% |         134      8.79%     38.65% |         138      9.06%     47.70% |         113      7.41%     55.12% |          80      5.25%     60.37% |          93      6.10%     66.47% |          44      2.89%     69.36% |         120      7.87%     77.23% |          37      2.43%     79.66% |         109      7.15%     86.81% |          76      4.99%     91.80% |          80      5.25%     97.05% |          45      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETX::total         1524                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only  |       84641     10.39%     10.39% |       77733      9.55%     19.94% |       67360      8.27%     28.21% |       77245      9.49%     37.70% |       43884      5.39%     43.09% |       43436      5.33%     48.42% |       68795      8.45%     56.87% |       20958      2.57%     59.44% |       49624      6.09%     65.54% |       44895      5.51%     71.05% |       26221      3.22%     74.27% |       45643      5.61%     79.88% |       46666      5.73%     85.61% |       34575      4.25%     89.85% |       46535      5.71%     95.57% |       36082      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only::total       814293                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS       |     1222619      9.94%      9.94% |     1108468      9.02%     18.96% |     1031879      8.39%     27.35% |      990192      8.05%     35.41% |      808862      6.58%     41.99% |      889849      7.24%     49.22% |      926478      7.54%     56.76% |      405957      3.30%     60.06% |      748780      6.09%     66.15% |      578393      4.70%     70.86% |      525272      4.27%     75.13% |      709796      5.77%     80.90% |      569592      4.63%     85.53% |      499797      4.07%     89.60% |      769140      6.26%     95.85% |      509626      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS::total     12294700                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L2_Replacement::total            5                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_GETS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      3.59%      3.59% |          71     36.41%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |         117     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_GETS::total          195                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_PUTS_only   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           3     42.86%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_PUTS_only::total            7                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_PUTS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          17      7.46%      7.46% |          71     31.14%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |         140     61.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_PUTS::total          228                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L2_Replacement::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETS          |      561026      8.96%      8.96% |      355916      5.68%     14.64% |      486494      7.77%     22.41% |      388528      6.20%     28.61% |      425298      6.79%     35.40% |      321253      5.13%     40.53% |      530174      8.46%     49.00% |      182403      2.91%     51.91% |      463187      7.40%     59.30% |      358660      5.73%     65.03% |      343341      5.48%     70.51% |      326836      5.22%     75.73% |      508326      8.12%     83.85% |      284850      4.55%     88.39% |      428273      6.84%     95.23% |      298699      4.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETS::total        6263264                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETX          |       20601      4.19%      4.19% |       23932      4.86%      9.05% |       18548      3.77%     12.82% |       28900      5.87%     18.69% |       13201      2.68%     21.37% |       20842      4.23%     25.60% |       15359      3.12%     28.72% |       33883      6.88%     35.61% |       35574      7.23%     42.83% |       36172      7.35%     50.18% |       48677      9.89%     60.07% |       51378     10.44%     70.51% |       29963      6.09%     76.60% |       58147     11.81%     88.41% |       35837      7.28%     95.69% |       21219      4.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETX::total         492233                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L2_Replacement   |        1520      7.97%      7.97% |        1096      5.75%     13.72% |        1339      7.02%     20.74% |        1111      5.83%     26.57% |        1258      6.60%     33.16% |         995      5.22%     38.38% |        1360      7.13%     45.51% |        1059      5.55%     51.06% |        1428      7.49%     58.55% |        1045      5.48%     64.03% |        1326      6.95%     70.99% |         965      5.06%     76.05% |        1474      7.73%     83.78% |        1028      5.39%     89.17% |        1203      6.31%     95.47% |         863      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L2_Replacement::total        19070                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_GETS      |          49     20.94%     20.94% |          19      8.12%     29.06% |          36     15.38%     44.44% |          29     12.39%     56.84% |           9      3.85%     60.68% |           8      3.42%     64.10% |           6      2.56%     66.67% |           2      0.85%     67.52% |           7      2.99%     70.51% |          27     11.54%     82.05% |           0      0.00%     82.05% |           5      2.14%     84.19% |          10      4.27%     88.46% |          16      6.84%     95.30% |          10      4.27%     99.57% |           1      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_GETS::total          234                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_PUTO      |          56     19.24%     19.24% |          27      9.28%     28.52% |          26      8.93%     37.46% |           9      3.09%     40.55% |           0      0.00%     40.55% |          10      3.44%     43.99% |          29      9.97%     53.95% |          16      5.50%     59.45% |          10      3.44%     62.89% |          17      5.84%     68.73% |           0      0.00%     68.73% |           5      1.72%     70.45% |          31     10.65%     81.10% |          18      6.19%     87.29% |          18      6.19%     93.47% |          19      6.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_PUTO::total          291                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |         209      9.85%      9.85% |           7      0.33%     10.18% |          75      3.54%     13.72% |         120      5.66%     19.38% |         173      8.16%     27.53% |           9      0.42%     27.96% |         462     21.78%     49.74% |          15      0.71%     50.45% |         174      8.20%     58.65% |           4      0.19%     58.84% |         223     10.51%     69.35% |          19      0.90%     70.25% |         472     22.25%     92.50% |          12      0.57%     93.07% |         146      6.88%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total         2121                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |       13706      8.68%      8.68% |       12336      7.81%     16.49% |       13512      8.56%     25.05% |       12548      7.95%     32.99% |        9137      5.79%     38.78% |        8484      5.37%     44.15% |       12649      8.01%     52.16% |        4970      3.15%     55.31% |       10476      6.63%     61.94% |        9999      6.33%     68.27% |        5821      3.69%     71.96% |        8359      5.29%     77.25% |       10113      6.40%     83.66% |        8167      5.17%     88.83% |        9701      6.14%     94.97% |        7940      5.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total       157918                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.Unblock      |       27432      7.68%      7.68% |       21723      6.08%     13.76% |       28032      7.85%     21.61% |       26944      7.54%     29.16% |       21304      5.97%     35.12% |       19509      5.46%     40.59% |       24160      6.77%     47.35% |       14791      4.14%     51.49% |       22630      6.34%     57.83% |       34006      9.52%     67.35% |       14318      4.01%     71.36% |       21046      5.89%     77.26% |       21146      5.92%     83.18% |       18475      5.17%     88.35% |       22037      6.17%     94.52% |       19566      5.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.Unblock::total       357119                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETS     |         437     31.08%     31.08% |         127      9.03%     40.11% |         199     14.15%     54.27% |         137      9.74%     64.01% |          38      2.70%     66.71% |          38      2.70%     69.42% |          85      6.05%     75.46% |          14      1.00%     76.46% |          15      1.07%     77.52% |          94      6.69%     84.21% |           3      0.21%     84.42% |          27      1.92%     86.34% |          50      3.56%     89.90% |          65      4.62%     94.52% |          38      2.70%     97.23% |          39      2.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETS::total         1406                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETX     |          43     72.88%     72.88% |           5      8.47%     81.36% |           5      8.47%     89.83% |           0      0.00%     89.83% |           0      0.00%     89.83% |           3      5.08%     94.92% |           3      5.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETX::total           59                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTO     |         184     34.01%     34.01% |          57     10.54%     44.55% |          60     11.09%     55.64% |          50      9.24%     64.88% |          13      2.40%     67.28% |           6      1.11%     68.39% |          23      4.25%     72.64% |           4      0.74%     73.38% |           5      0.92%     74.31% |          23      4.25%     78.56% |           3      0.55%     79.11% |          11      2.03%     81.15% |          19      3.51%     84.66% |          27      4.99%     89.65% |          33      6.10%     95.75% |          23      4.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTO::total          541                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only |          82     27.33%     27.33% |          31     10.33%     37.67% |          19      6.33%     44.00% |          25      8.33%     52.33% |           8      2.67%     55.00% |           8      2.67%     57.67% |          16      5.33%     63.00% |           3      1.00%     64.00% |          10      3.33%     67.33% |          28      9.33%     76.67% |           1      0.33%     77.00% |          10      3.33%     80.33% |          17      5.67%     86.00% |           8      2.67%     88.67% |          22      7.33%     96.00% |          12      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only::total          300                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS     |         327     27.50%     27.50% |         121     10.18%     37.68% |         189     15.90%     53.57% |         120     10.09%     63.67% |          40      3.36%     67.03% |          30      2.52%     69.55% |          65      5.47%     75.02% |           7      0.59%     75.61% |          28      2.35%     77.96% |          81      6.81%     84.78% |           5      0.42%     85.20% |          43      3.62%     88.81% |          40      3.36%     92.18% |          17      1.43%     93.61% |          55      4.63%     98.23% |          21      1.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS::total         1189                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |        1152     11.52%     11.52% |          45      0.45%     11.97% |         297      2.97%     14.94% |         317      3.17%     18.11% |         843      8.43%     26.54% |          27      0.27%     26.81% |        2487     24.87%     51.67% |          35      0.35%     52.02% |         815      8.15%     60.17% |          47      0.47%     60.64% |         766      7.66%     68.30% |         130      1.30%     69.60% |        2482     24.82%     94.42% |          64      0.64%     95.06% |         477      4.77%     99.83% |          17      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total        10001                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |       83625     10.38%     10.38% |       77734      9.65%     20.02% |       67271      8.35%     28.37% |       76995      9.55%     37.93% |       43175      5.36%     43.28% |       43549      5.40%     48.69% |       66423      8.24%     56.93% |       21005      2.61%     59.54% |       48904      6.07%     65.61% |       44892      5.57%     71.18% |       25578      3.17%     74.35% |       45552      5.65%     80.00% |       44295      5.50%     85.50% |       34591      4.29%     89.79% |       46139      5.73%     95.52% |       36111      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total       805839                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.Unblock     |       38901     11.35%     11.35% |       26590      7.76%     19.11% |       30056      8.77%     27.88% |       33344      9.73%     37.61% |       16666      4.86%     42.47% |       19054      5.56%     48.03% |       30627      8.94%     56.97% |       11527      3.36%     60.33% |       18152      5.30%     65.63% |       34261     10.00%     75.63% |        7532      2.20%     77.82% |       14729      4.30%     82.12% |       13392      3.91%     86.03% |       19263      5.62%     91.65% |       17090      4.99%     96.64% |       11529      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.Unblock::total       342713                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSW.L1_PUTS       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSW.L1_PUTS::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSW.Unblock       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          17      7.46%      7.46% |          71     31.14%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |           0      0.00%     38.60% |         140     61.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSW.Unblock::total          228                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           3     50.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SW.Unblock         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           3     42.86%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SW.Unblock::total             7                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.L1_GETS        |         246     23.25%     23.25% |         121     11.44%     34.69% |         108     10.21%     44.90% |          76      7.18%     52.08% |          32      3.02%     55.10% |          25      2.36%     57.47% |          76      7.18%     64.65% |          16      1.51%     66.16% |          30      2.84%     69.00% |          44      4.16%     73.16% |          15      1.42%     74.57% |          45      4.25%     78.83% |          63      5.95%     84.78% |          50      4.73%     89.51% |          64      6.05%     95.56% |          47      4.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.L1_GETS::total         1058                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.Unblock        |       84641     10.39%     10.39% |       77733      9.55%     19.94% |       67360      8.27%     28.21% |       77245      9.49%     37.70% |       43884      5.39%     43.09% |       43436      5.33%     48.42% |       68795      8.45%     56.87% |       20958      2.57%     59.44% |       49624      6.09%     65.54% |       44895      5.51%     71.05% |       26221      3.22%     74.27% |       45643      5.61%     79.88% |       46666      5.73%     85.61% |       34575      4.25%     89.85% |       46535      5.71%     95.57% |       36082      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.Unblock::total       814293                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_GETS      |        7510     19.00%     19.00% |        5233     13.24%     32.23% |        4085     10.33%     42.56% |        3633      9.19%     51.75% |        2053      5.19%     56.95% |        2093      5.29%     62.24% |        2215      5.60%     67.84% |         588      1.49%     69.33% |        1334      3.37%     72.71% |        1067      2.70%     75.40% |        1083      2.74%     78.14% |        1698      4.29%     82.44% |        1316      3.33%     85.77% |        1382      3.50%     89.26% |        2475      6.26%     95.52% |        1770      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_GETS::total        39535                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_PUTS      |        7411     18.52%     18.52% |        5348     13.36%     31.88% |        4859     12.14%     44.02% |        3654      9.13%     53.14% |        2229      5.57%     58.71% |        2090      5.22%     63.93% |        2102      5.25%     69.19% |         482      1.20%     70.39% |        1301      3.25%     73.64% |        1196      2.99%     76.63% |        1055      2.64%     79.26% |        1596      3.99%     83.25% |        1276      3.19%     86.44% |        1326      3.31%     89.75% |        2309      5.77%     95.52% |        1793      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_PUTS::total        40027                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.Unblock      |     1222619      9.94%      9.94% |     1108468      9.02%     18.96% |     1031879      8.39%     27.35% |      990192      8.05%     35.41% |      808862      6.58%     41.99% |      889849      7.24%     49.22% |      926478      7.54%     56.76% |      405957      3.30%     60.06% |      748780      6.09%     66.15% |      578393      4.70%     70.86% |      525272      4.27%     75.13% |      709796      5.77%     80.90% |      569592      4.63%     85.53% |      499797      4.07%     89.60% |      769140      6.26%     95.85% |      509626      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.Unblock::total     12294700                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETS       |         103     20.77%     20.77% |          64     12.90%     33.67% |          54     10.89%     44.56% |          35      7.06%     51.61% |          27      5.44%     57.06% |          11      2.22%     59.27% |          27      5.44%     64.72% |           6      1.21%     65.93% |          13      2.62%     68.55% |          42      8.47%     77.02% |           4      0.81%     77.82% |          21      4.23%     82.06% |          18      3.63%     85.69% |          26      5.24%     90.93% |          26      5.24%     96.17% |          19      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETS::total          496                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |       15610     11.03%     11.03% |        4115      2.91%     13.93% |       11398      8.05%     21.98% |        4918      3.47%     25.46% |       11647      8.23%     33.68% |        4102      2.90%     36.58% |       16509     11.66%     48.24% |        4076      2.88%     51.12% |       12683      8.96%     60.08% |        4264      3.01%     63.09% |       13415      9.48%     72.56% |        4284      3.03%     75.59% |       16844     11.90%     87.49% |        5155      3.64%     91.13% |        9242      6.53%     97.66% |        3320      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total       141582                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |      472225      8.27%      8.27% |      289974      5.08%     13.35% |      417247      7.31%     20.66% |      326913      5.73%     26.38% |      378119      6.62%     33.00% |      290279      5.08%     38.09% |      451713      7.91%     46.00% |      190512      3.34%     49.34% |      430412      7.54%     56.87% |      339911      5.95%     62.83% |      350840      6.14%     68.97% |      324064      5.68%     74.65% |      468842      8.21%     82.86% |      299285      5.24%     88.10% |      402860      7.06%     95.16% |      276641      4.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total      5709837                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.Unblock       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.Unblock::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLS.L1_GETS       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLS.L1_GETS::total           11                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLS.Unblock       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     28.95%     28.95% |           1      2.63%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |          26     68.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLS.Unblock::total           38                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.L1_GETS      |          19     17.12%     17.12% |           4      3.60%     20.72% |          13     11.71%     32.43% |           7      6.31%     38.74% |           1      0.90%     39.64% |           7      6.31%     45.95% |           0      0.00%     45.95% |           1      0.90%     46.85% |           0      0.00%     46.85% |          38     34.23%     81.08% |           0      0.00%     81.08% |           2      1.80%     82.88% |           1      0.90%     83.78% |           9      8.11%     91.89% |           8      7.21%     99.10% |           1      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.L1_GETS::total          111                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.L1_PUTO      |           8     10.26%     10.26% |          12     15.38%     25.64% |           0      0.00%     25.64% |           6      7.69%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           6      7.69%     41.03% |           6      7.69%     48.72% |           4      5.13%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           5      6.41%     60.26% |           0      0.00%     60.26% |          12     15.38%     75.64% |           5      6.41%     82.05% |           9     11.54%     93.59% |           2      2.56%     96.15% |           3      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.L1_PUTO::total           78                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Unblock      |       13497      6.86%      6.86% |        9377      4.76%     11.62% |       14418      7.32%     18.94% |       14276      7.25%     26.19% |       11971      6.08%     32.27% |       11012      5.59%     37.86% |       11035      5.60%     43.47% |        9800      4.98%     48.45% |       11958      6.07%     54.52% |       24001     12.19%     66.71% |        8248      4.19%     70.90% |       12660      6.43%     77.33% |       10542      5.35%     82.68% |       10295      5.23%     87.91% |       12176      6.18%     94.10% |       11623      5.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Unblock::total       196889                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock |         136      8.92%      8.92% |          46      3.02%     11.94% |         207     13.58%     25.52% |          66      4.33%     29.86% |         134      8.79%     38.65% |         138      9.06%     47.70% |         113      7.41%     55.12% |          80      5.25%     60.37% |          93      6.10%     66.47% |          44      2.89%     69.36% |         120      7.87%     77.23% |          37      2.43%     79.66% |         109      7.15%     86.81% |          76      4.99%     91.80% |          80      5.25%     97.05% |          45      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1524                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETS     |      426242     70.81%     70.81% |       40674      6.76%     77.56% |        6702      1.11%     78.68% |       20214      3.36%     82.04% |        5682      0.94%     82.98% |       71561     11.89%     94.87% |        3863      0.64%     95.51% |        2206      0.37%     95.88% |        8391      1.39%     97.27% |        1933      0.32%     97.59% |        1995      0.33%     97.92% |        2434      0.40%     98.33% |         615      0.10%     98.43% |        4982      0.83%     99.26% |        2480      0.41%     99.67% |        1995      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETS::total       601969                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETX     |       23541     72.91%     72.91% |        1855      5.75%     78.66% |         149      0.46%     79.12% |        1053      3.26%     82.38% |         292      0.90%     83.28% |        3848     11.92%     95.20% |         208      0.64%     95.85% |         105      0.33%     96.17% |         373      1.16%     97.33% |          60      0.19%     97.51% |          74      0.23%     97.74% |         184      0.57%     98.31% |          68      0.21%     98.52% |         330      1.02%     99.54% |          27      0.08%     99.63% |         120      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETX::total        32287                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTO     |          25     16.78%     16.78% |          30     20.13%     36.91% |          17     11.41%     48.32% |          14      9.40%     57.72% |           6      4.03%     61.74% |           1      0.67%     62.42% |           9      6.04%     68.46% |           1      0.67%     69.13% |           7      4.70%     73.83% |          14      9.40%     83.22% |           4      2.68%     85.91% |           3      2.01%     87.92% |           6      4.03%     91.95% |           3      2.01%     93.96% |           5      3.36%     97.32% |           4      2.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTO::total          149                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX     |         157     26.08%     26.08% |         104     17.28%     43.36% |          55      9.14%     52.49% |          56      9.30%     61.79% |          17      2.82%     64.62% |          29      4.82%     69.44% |          27      4.49%     73.92% |           4      0.66%     74.58% |           5      0.83%     75.42% |          27      4.49%     79.90% |           5      0.83%     80.73% |          27      4.49%     85.22% |          14      2.33%     87.54% |          43      7.14%     94.68% |          21      3.49%     98.17% |          11      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX::total          602                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Unblock     |      103610     10.47%     10.47% |       91604      9.25%     19.72% |       81891      8.27%     28.00% |       91083      9.20%     37.20% |       53944      5.45%     42.65% |       53141      5.37%     48.02% |       82567      8.34%     56.36% |       26315      2.66%     59.02% |       61082      6.17%     65.19% |       55137      5.57%     70.76% |       32892      3.32%     74.08% |       54362      5.49%     79.57% |       57753      5.83%     85.41% |       43352      4.38%     89.79% |       56779      5.74%     95.52% |       44306      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Unblock::total       989818                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock |       16429     15.87%     15.87% |        9233      8.92%     24.78% |        6670      6.44%     31.22% |        8526      8.23%     39.46% |        6620      6.39%     45.85% |        7732      7.47%     53.32% |        6516      6.29%     59.61% |        4937      4.77%     64.38% |        6427      6.21%     70.58% |        4312      4.16%     74.75% |        5313      5.13%     79.88% |        4355      4.21%     84.08% |        3784      3.65%     87.74% |        5183      5.01%     92.74% |        3514      3.39%     96.13% |        4003      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock::total       103554                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETS     |      300395     78.15%     78.15% |        9588      2.49%     80.64% |        1190      0.31%     80.95% |        2541      0.66%     81.61% |        1067      0.28%     81.89% |       66217     17.23%     99.12% |         260      0.07%     99.18% |          86      0.02%     99.21% |         927      0.24%     99.45% |         485      0.13%     99.57% |         126      0.03%     99.61% |         265      0.07%     99.68% |         135      0.04%     99.71% |         280      0.07%     99.78% |         390      0.10%     99.88% |         444      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETS::total       384396                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETX     |       43367     82.70%     82.70% |        1821      3.47%     86.17% |          78      0.15%     86.32% |         712      1.36%     87.68% |          56      0.11%     87.78% |        6124     11.68%     99.46% |          38      0.07%     99.53% |           2      0.00%     99.54% |         104      0.20%     99.74% |           1      0.00%     99.74% |          21      0.04%     99.78% |          21      0.04%     99.82% |           2      0.00%     99.82% |          45      0.09%     99.91% |           4      0.01%     99.92% |          44      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETX::total        52440                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTO     |         411     32.78%     32.78% |         120      9.57%     42.34% |         159     12.68%     55.02% |         114      9.09%     64.11% |          20      1.59%     65.71% |          22      1.75%     67.46% |          94      7.50%     74.96% |          17      1.36%     76.32% |          26      2.07%     78.39% |          57      4.55%     82.93% |          13      1.04%     83.97% |          37      2.95%     86.92% |          59      4.70%     91.63% |          35      2.79%     94.42% |          51      4.07%     98.48% |          19      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTO::total         1254                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS_only |          52     17.81%     17.81% |          19      6.51%     24.32% |          50     17.12%     41.44% |          24      8.22%     49.66% |           5      1.71%     51.37% |           4      1.37%     52.74% |          10      3.42%     56.16% |           0      0.00%     56.16% |           6      2.05%     58.22% |          71     24.32%     82.53% |           0      0.00%     82.53% |           3      1.03%     83.56% |           6      2.05%     85.62% |           7      2.40%     88.01% |          35     11.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS_only::total          292                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS     |         198     20.93%     20.93% |         100     10.57%     31.50% |         128     13.53%     45.03% |          89      9.41%     54.44% |          22      2.33%     56.77% |          46      4.86%     61.63% |          90      9.51%     71.14% |           1      0.11%     71.25% |          10      1.06%     72.30% |         114     12.05%     84.36% |          14      1.48%     85.84% |          24      2.54%     88.37% |          48      5.07%     93.45% |          38      4.02%     97.46% |          17      1.80%     99.26% |           7      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS::total          946                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.Unblock     |      114179     15.42%     15.42% |       67557      9.12%     24.55% |       63964      8.64%     33.19% |       75781     10.24%     43.42% |       34219      4.62%     48.04% |       39173      5.29%     53.33% |       67736      9.15%     62.48% |       18896      2.55%     65.03% |       35923      4.85%     69.89% |       53401      7.21%     77.10% |       15714      2.12%     79.22% |       34559      4.67%     83.89% |       28692      3.88%     87.76% |       32872      4.44%     92.20% |       35041      4.73%     96.94% |       22675      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.Unblock::total       740382                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETS      |      107672     69.58%     69.58% |       10958      7.08%     76.66% |        1767      1.14%     77.80% |        6321      4.08%     81.89% |        1824      1.18%     83.07% |       17044     11.01%     94.08% |        1120      0.72%     94.80% |         710      0.46%     95.26% |        2423      1.57%     96.83% |         509      0.33%     97.16% |         529      0.34%     97.50% |         819      0.53%     98.03% |         118      0.08%     98.10% |        1733      1.12%     99.22% |         616      0.40%     99.62% |         585      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETS::total       154748                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETX      |        9107     80.92%     80.92% |         553      4.91%     85.84% |          23      0.20%     86.04% |         315      2.80%     88.84% |          54      0.48%     89.32% |         927      8.24%     97.56% |          37      0.33%     97.89% |          25      0.22%     98.11% |          41      0.36%     98.47% |           6      0.05%     98.52% |          17      0.15%     98.68% |          59      0.52%     99.20% |          11      0.10%     99.30% |          46      0.41%     99.71% |           0      0.00%     99.71% |          33      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETX::total        11254                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_PUTS_only |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_PUTS_only::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock |        4881     36.17%     36.17% |        1463     10.84%     47.01% |         693      5.14%     52.15% |        1088      8.06%     60.21% |         580      4.30%     64.51% |        1051      7.79%     72.30% |         516      3.82%     76.12% |         269      1.99%     78.12% |         676      5.01%     83.13% |         177      1.31%     84.44% |         461      3.42%     87.85% |         276      2.05%     89.90% |         353      2.62%     92.52% |         502      3.72%     96.24% |         287      2.13%     98.36% |         221      1.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock::total        13494                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.L1_GETS        |          15      9.15%      9.15% |          14      8.54%     17.68% |          11      6.71%     24.39% |           7      4.27%     28.66% |           9      5.49%     34.15% |           9      5.49%     39.63% |           9      5.49%     45.12% |           3      1.83%     46.95% |          18     10.98%     57.93% |          11      6.71%     64.63% |          11      6.71%     71.34% |          15      9.15%     80.49% |          18     10.98%     91.46% |           0      0.00%     91.46% |          11      6.71%     98.17% |           3      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.L1_GETS::total          164                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data::total               6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data_Exclusive |        1077      8.18%      8.18% |         704      5.35%     13.53% |         955      7.25%     20.78% |         705      5.35%     26.14% |         845      6.42%     32.55% |         656      4.98%     37.54% |         966      7.34%     44.87% |         675      5.13%     50.00% |        1030      7.82%     57.82% |         699      5.31%     63.13% |         942      7.15%     70.29% |         629      4.78%     75.06% |        1149      8.73%     83.79% |         678      5.15%     88.94% |         885      6.72%     95.66% |         571      4.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data_Exclusive::total        13166                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Unblock        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Unblock::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Exclusive_Unblock |        1077      8.18%      8.18% |         704      5.35%     13.53% |         955      7.25%     20.78% |         705      5.35%     26.14% |         845      6.42%     32.55% |         656      4.98%     37.54% |         966      7.34%     44.87% |         675      5.13%     50.00% |        1030      7.82%     57.82% |         699      5.31%     63.13% |         942      7.15%     70.29% |         629      4.78%     75.06% |        1149      8.73%     83.79% |         678      5.15%     88.94% |         885      6.72%     95.66% |         571      4.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Exclusive_Unblock::total        13166                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.Data           |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.71% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4119      6.27%     50.47% |        4130      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.35% |        4048      6.16%     81.51% |        4071      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.Data::total           65744                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.All_Acks      |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.71% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4119      6.27%     50.47% |        4130      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.35% |        4048      6.16%     81.51% |        4071      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.All_Acks::total        65744                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.71% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4119      6.27%     50.47% |        4130      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.35% |        4048      6.16%     81.51% |        4071      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock::total        65744                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       20601      4.19%      4.19% |       23932      4.86%      9.05% |       18548      3.77%     12.82% |       28900      5.87%     18.69% |       13201      2.68%     21.37% |       20842      4.23%     25.60% |       15359      3.12%     28.72% |       33883      6.88%     35.61% |       35574      7.23%     42.83% |       36172      7.35%     50.18% |       48677      9.89%     60.07% |       51378     10.44%     70.51% |       29963      6.09%     76.60% |       58147     11.81%     88.41% |       35837      7.28%     95.69% |       21219      4.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       492233                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SS.Unblock         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SS.Unblock::total             2                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.L1_GETS         |         280     35.62%     35.62% |          33      4.20%     39.82% |          94     11.96%     51.78% |          68      8.65%     60.43% |          29      3.69%     64.12% |          21      2.67%     66.79% |          46      5.85%     72.65% |           8      1.02%     73.66% |          23      2.93%     76.59% |          47      5.98%     82.57% |           8      1.02%     83.59% |          23      2.93%     86.51% |          25      3.18%     89.69% |          16      2.04%     91.73% |          21      2.67%     94.40% |          44      5.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.L1_GETS::total           786                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.L1_GETX         |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.L1_GETX::total             1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.Exclusive_Unblock |      561026      8.96%      8.96% |      355916      5.68%     14.64% |      486494      7.77%     22.41% |      388528      6.20%     28.61% |      425298      6.79%     35.40% |      321253      5.13%     40.53% |      530174      8.46%     49.00% |      182403      2.91%     51.91% |      463187      7.40%     59.30% |      358660      5.73%     65.03% |      343341      5.48%     70.51% |      326836      5.22%     75.73% |      508326      8.12%     83.85% |      284850      4.55%     88.39% |      428273      6.84%     95.23% |      298699      4.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.Exclusive_Unblock::total      6263264                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_GETS      |        6401     22.10%     22.10% |        4322     14.92%     37.03% |        3979     13.74%     50.77% |        2833      9.78%     60.55% |        1663      5.74%     66.29% |        1467      5.07%     71.36% |        1403      4.84%     76.20% |         308      1.06%     77.27% |         640      2.21%     79.48% |         580      2.00%     81.48% |         546      1.89%     83.37% |         853      2.95%     86.31% |         715      2.47%     88.78% |         681      2.35%     91.13% |        1456      5.03%     96.16% |        1112      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_GETS::total        28959                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_PUTS_only |         308     30.02%     30.02% |          92      8.97%     38.99% |          94      9.16%     48.15% |          68      6.63%     54.78% |          36      3.51%     58.28% |          26      2.53%     60.82% |          68      6.63%     67.45% |           5      0.49%     67.93% |          36      3.51%     71.44% |          31      3.02%     74.46% |          11      1.07%     75.54% |          46      4.48%     80.02% |          53      5.17%     85.19% |          34      3.31%     88.50% |          79      7.70%     96.20% |          39      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_PUTS_only::total         1026                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_PUTS      |        6476     19.46%     19.46% |        4736     14.23%     33.68% |        3646     10.95%     44.64% |        2998      9.01%     53.64% |        1673      5.03%     58.67% |        1668      5.01%     63.68% |        1691      5.08%     68.76% |         488      1.47%     70.23% |         985      2.96%     73.19% |         880      2.64%     75.83% |         887      2.66%     78.50% |        1336      4.01%     82.51% |        1229      3.69%     86.20% |         928      2.79%     88.99% |        2127      6.39%     95.38% |        1538      4.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_PUTS::total        33286                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.Unblock      |     1163333      9.75%      9.75% |     1069839      8.97%     18.72% |      999357      8.38%     27.10% |      949043      7.96%     35.06% |      792049      6.64%     41.70% |      874582      7.33%     49.03% |      889842      7.46%     56.49% |      399131      3.35%     59.83% |      731796      6.13%     65.97% |      559599      4.69%     70.66% |      517656      4.34%     75.00% |      690347      5.79%     80.79% |      554650      4.65%     85.44% |      486869      4.08%     89.52% |      751574      6.30%     95.82% |      498870      4.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.Unblock::total     11928537                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSS.Unblock       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      3.59%      3.59% |          71     36.41%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |         117     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSS.Unblock::total          195                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack   |        1520      7.97%      7.97% |        1096      5.75%     13.72% |        1339      7.02%     20.74% |        1111      5.83%     26.57% |        1258      6.60%     33.16% |         995      5.22%     38.38% |        1360      7.13%     45.51% |        1059      5.55%     51.06% |        1428      7.49%     58.55% |        1045      5.48%     64.03% |        1326      6.95%     70.99% |         965      5.06%     76.05% |        1474      7.73%     83.78% |        1028      5.39%     89.17% |        1203      6.31%     95.47% |         863      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack::total        19070                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSI.Writeback_Ack::total            5                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETX              |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.71% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4119      6.27%     50.47% |        4130      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.35% |        4048      6.16%     81.51% |        4071      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETX::total              65744                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETS              |        1077      8.18%      8.18% |         704      5.34%     13.52% |         955      7.25%     20.77% |         705      5.35%     26.12% |         845      6.42%     32.54% |         656      4.98%     37.52% |         966      7.33%     44.85% |         676      5.13%     49.98% |        1032      7.83%     57.82% |         699      5.31%     63.13% |         942      7.15%     70.28% |         629      4.78%     75.05% |        1152      8.75%     83.80% |         678      5.15%     88.95% |         885      6.72%     95.67% |         571      4.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETS::total              13172                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTX              |        1520      7.97%      7.97% |        1096      5.75%     13.72% |        1339      7.02%     20.74% |        1111      5.83%     26.57% |        1258      6.60%     33.16% |         995      5.22%     38.38% |        1360      7.13%     45.51% |        1059      5.55%     51.06% |        1428      7.49%     58.55% |        1045      5.48%     64.03% |        1326      6.95%     70.99% |         965      5.06%     76.05% |        1474      7.73%     83.78% |        1028      5.39%     89.17% |        1203      6.31%     95.47% |         863      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTX::total              19070                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTO_SHARERS      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTO_SHARERS::total            5                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Last_Unblock      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Last_Unblock::total            6                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock |        5297      6.71%      6.71% |        4871      6.17%     12.89% |        5100      6.46%     19.35% |        4868      6.17%     25.52% |        4996      6.33%     31.85% |        4734      6.00%     37.85% |        5101      6.46%     44.31% |        4794      6.08%     50.39% |        5160      6.54%     56.93% |        4775      6.05%     62.98% |        5042      6.39%     69.37% |        4686      5.94%     75.31% |        5197      6.59%     81.89% |        4749      6.02%     87.91% |        4924      6.24%     94.15% |        4616      5.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock::total        78910                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Clean_Writeback   |         296      9.83%      9.83% |         104      3.45%     13.28% |         245      8.14%     21.42% |          98      3.25%     24.68% |         213      7.07%     31.75% |          97      3.22%     34.97% |         275      9.13%     44.10% |         100      3.32%     47.43% |         295      9.80%     57.22% |         108      3.59%     60.81% |         304     10.10%     70.91% |          98      3.25%     74.16% |         350     11.62%     85.79% |         112      3.72%     89.51% |         229      7.61%     97.11% |          87      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Clean_Writeback::total         3011                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Dirty_Writeback   |        1224      7.62%      7.62% |         992      6.18%     13.79% |        1094      6.81%     20.61% |        1013      6.31%     26.91% |        1045      6.51%     33.42% |         898      5.59%     39.01% |        1085      6.75%     45.76% |         960      5.98%     51.74% |        1134      7.06%     58.80% |         937      5.83%     64.63% |        1022      6.36%     70.99% |         867      5.40%     76.39% |        1125      7.00%     83.39% |         918      5.71%     89.11% |         974      6.06%     95.17% |         776      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Dirty_Writeback::total        16064                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Data       |        5297      6.71%      6.71% |        4871      6.17%     12.88% |        5100      6.46%     19.35% |        4868      6.17%     25.52% |        4996      6.33%     31.85% |        4734      6.00%     37.85% |        5101      6.46%     44.31% |        4795      6.08%     50.39% |        5162      6.54%     56.93% |        4775      6.05%     62.98% |        5042      6.39%     69.37% |        4686      5.94%     75.30% |        5200      6.59%     81.89% |        4749      6.02%     87.91% |        4924      6.24%     94.15% |        4616      5.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Data::total        78916                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Ack        |        1224      7.62%      7.62% |         992      6.18%     13.79% |        1094      6.81%     20.61% |        1013      6.31%     26.91% |        1045      6.51%     33.42% |         898      5.59%     39.01% |        1085      6.75%     45.76% |         960      5.98%     51.74% |        1134      7.06%     58.80% |         937      5.83%     64.63% |        1022      6.36%     70.99% |         867      5.40%     76.39% |        1125      7.00%     83.39% |         918      5.71%     89.11% |         974      6.06%     95.17% |         776      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Ack::total        16064                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETX            |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.71% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4119      6.27%     50.47% |        4130      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.36% |        4048      6.16%     81.51% |        4070      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETX::total            65743                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETS            |        1077      8.18%      8.18% |         704      5.35%     13.53% |         955      7.25%     20.78% |         705      5.35%     26.14% |         845      6.42%     32.55% |         656      4.98%     37.54% |         966      7.34%     44.87% |         675      5.13%     50.00% |        1030      7.82%     57.82% |         699      5.31%     63.13% |         942      7.15%     70.29% |         629      4.78%     75.06% |        1149      8.73%     83.79% |         678      5.15%     88.94% |         885      6.72%     95.66% |         571      4.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETS::total            13166                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.Memory_Ack      |        1224      7.62%      7.62% |         992      6.18%     13.80% |        1094      6.81%     20.61% |        1013      6.31%     26.91% |        1045      6.51%     33.42% |         898      5.59%     39.01% |        1085      6.76%     45.77% |         960      5.98%     51.74% |        1134      7.06%     58.80% |         937      5.83%     64.64% |        1022      6.36%     71.00% |         867      5.40%     76.40% |        1125      7.00%     83.40% |         916      5.70%     89.10% |         974      6.06%     95.17% |         776      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.Memory_Ack::total        16062                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.GETX            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.GETX::total                1                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.GETS            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.GETS::total                6                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.Memory_Ack      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.Memory_Ack::total            2                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTX            |        1520      7.97%      7.97% |        1096      5.75%     13.72% |        1339      7.02%     20.74% |        1111      5.83%     26.57% |        1258      6.60%     33.16% |         995      5.22%     38.38% |        1360      7.13%     45.51% |        1059      5.55%     51.06% |        1428      7.49%     58.55% |        1045      5.48%     64.03% |        1326      6.95%     70.99% |         965      5.06%     76.05% |        1474      7.73%     83.78% |        1028      5.39%     89.17% |        1203      6.31%     95.47% |         863      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTX::total            19070                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTO_SHARERS    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total            5                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Unblock |        1077      8.18%      8.18% |         704      5.35%     13.53% |         955      7.25%     20.78% |         705      5.35%     26.14% |         845      6.42%     32.55% |         656      4.98%     37.54% |         966      7.34%     44.87% |         675      5.13%     50.00% |        1030      7.82%     57.82% |         699      5.31%     63.13% |         942      7.15%     70.29% |         629      4.78%     75.06% |        1149      8.73%     83.79% |         678      5.15%     88.94% |         885      6.72%     95.66% |         571      4.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Unblock::total        13166                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Data    |        1077      8.18%      8.18% |         704      5.35%     13.53% |         955      7.25%     20.78% |         705      5.35%     26.14% |         845      6.42%     32.55% |         656      4.98%     37.54% |         966      7.34%     44.87% |         675      5.13%     50.00% |        1030      7.82%     57.82% |         699      5.31%     63.13% |         942      7.15%     70.29% |         629      4.78%     75.06% |        1149      8.73%     83.79% |         678      5.15%     88.94% |         885      6.72%     95.66% |         571      4.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Data::total        13166                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.SS.Last_Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.SS.Last_Unblock::total            6                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.SS.Memory_Data    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.SS.Memory_Data::total            6                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.71% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4119      6.27%     50.47% |        4130      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.35% |        4048      6.16%     81.51% |        4071      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        65744                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Data    |        4220      6.42%      6.42% |        4167      6.34%     12.76% |        4145      6.30%     19.06% |        4163      6.33%     25.39% |        4151      6.31%     31.71% |        4078      6.20%     37.91% |        4135      6.29%     44.20% |        4119      6.27%     50.47% |        4130      6.28%     56.75% |        4076      6.20%     62.95% |        4100      6.24%     69.18% |        4057      6.17%     75.35% |        4048      6.16%     81.51% |        4071      6.19%     87.70% |        4039      6.14%     93.85% |        4045      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Data::total        65744                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Clean_Writeback |         296      9.84%      9.84% |         104      3.46%     13.30% |         245      8.14%     21.44% |          98      3.26%     24.70% |         213      7.08%     31.78% |          97      3.22%     35.01% |         275      9.14%     44.15% |          99      3.29%     47.44% |         294      9.77%     57.21% |         108      3.59%     60.80% |         304     10.11%     70.91% |          98      3.26%     74.17% |         349     11.60%     85.77% |         112      3.72%     89.49% |         229      7.61%     97.11% |          87      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Clean_Writeback::total         3008                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Dirty_Writeback |        1224      7.62%      7.62% |         992      6.18%     13.80% |        1094      6.81%     20.61% |        1013      6.31%     26.91% |        1045      6.51%     33.42% |         898      5.59%     39.01% |        1085      6.76%     45.77% |         960      5.98%     51.74% |        1134      7.06%     58.80% |         937      5.83%     64.64% |        1022      6.36%     71.00% |         867      5.40%     76.40% |        1125      7.00%     83.40% |         916      5.70%     89.10% |         974      6.06%     95.17% |         776      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        16062                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Clean_Writeback |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Clean_Writeback::total            3                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total            2                      


---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
