
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.129506                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1129506442000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1129506442000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 119472                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   184955                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               67643561                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 367628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 16697.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1994926552                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3088370379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits      1237756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses       124133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses      1361889                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits      1329518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses       127826                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses      1457344                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits      1187325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses       112260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses      1299585                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits       946060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        77893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses      1023953                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits       726823                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        99476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       826299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits      1176214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses       111590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses      1287804                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits       743746                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        83955                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       827701                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits      1144908                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses       106691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses      1251599                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits     65656756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1517500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67174256                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits    174033528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses          228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174033756                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits     65608478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1530027                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67138505                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits    174016087                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses          228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174016315                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits     65984581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1435509                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67420090                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits    174149021                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses          205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174149226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits     68004966                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1142514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     69147480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits    173687052                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses          214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses    173687266                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     74217254                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312664                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     75529918                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    200630793                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         1158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    200631951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     68116077                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1038875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     69154952                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    174110860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          232                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174111092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits     66547107                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1367305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67914412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    173924824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses          216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    173925040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits     66086926                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1427527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67514453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits    174078761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses          205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174078966                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      1451604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses       204499                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      1656103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1661490                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       277925                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      1939415                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits      1404306                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses       203813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses      1608119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      1437064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses       162778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      1599842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits     68623026                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses       940565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     69563591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits    174135882                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses          218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174136100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits     67385364                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1158491                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68543855                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits    174200218                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses          212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174200430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       576438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        63923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       640361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits      1393981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses       156937                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses      1550918                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits     67925044                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1080998                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     69006042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits    174112144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses          218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174112362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits     68202933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1025606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     69228539                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits    174126931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses          217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174127148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits     65530706                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1529883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67060589                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits    174095925                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses          231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174096156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits     65926978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1447223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67374201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits    174130066                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses          210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174130276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits     65944261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1455760                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67400021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits    174085687                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses          230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174085917                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits     65931049                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1469834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     67400883                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits    174025790                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses          231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses    174026021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits       912243                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses       146569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses      1058812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits      1359710                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses       135280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses      1494990                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReq          6362                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRead         5216                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWrite         1146                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRefresh       111949                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          858                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memInputQ            2                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.totalStalls          860                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.135178                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankBusy          343                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBusBusy          458                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            5                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memArbWait           51                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount |         746     11.73%     11.73% |           0      0.00%     11.73% |           0      0.00%     11.73% |           0      0.00%     11.73% |         601      9.45%     21.17% |           0      0.00%     21.17% |           0      0.00%     21.17% |           0      0.00%     21.17% |         571      8.98%     30.15% |           0      0.00%     30.15% |           0      0.00%     30.15% |           0      0.00%     30.15% |         568      8.93%     39.08% |           0      0.00%     39.08% |           0      0.00%     39.08% |           0      0.00%     39.08% |        1280     20.12%     59.20% |           0      0.00%     59.20% |           0      0.00%     59.20% |           0      0.00%     59.20% |        1149     18.06%     77.26% |           0      0.00%     77.26% |           0      0.00%     77.26% |           0      0.00%     77.26% |         782     12.29%     89.55% |           0      0.00%     89.55% |           0      0.00%     89.55% |           0      0.00%     89.55% |         665     10.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6362                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memReq          5741                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memRead         4803                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memWrite          938                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memRefresh       106929                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          699                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.totalStalls          699                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.121756                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankBusy          283                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBusBusy          398                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memArbWait           18                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankCount |         604     10.52%     10.52% |           0      0.00%     10.52% |           0      0.00%     10.52% |           0      0.00%     10.52% |         577     10.05%     20.57% |           0      0.00%     20.57% |           0      0.00%     20.57% |           0      0.00%     20.57% |         532      9.27%     29.84% |           0      0.00%     29.84% |           0      0.00%     29.84% |           0      0.00%     29.84% |         546      9.51%     39.35% |           0      0.00%     39.35% |           0      0.00%     39.35% |           0      0.00%     39.35% |        1122     19.54%     58.89% |           0      0.00%     58.89% |           0      0.00%     58.89% |           0      0.00%     58.89% |        1012     17.63%     76.52% |           0      0.00%     76.52% |           0      0.00%     76.52% |           0      0.00%     76.52% |         725     12.63%     89.15% |           0      0.00%     89.15% |           0      0.00%     89.15% |           0      0.00%     89.15% |         623     10.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5741                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memReq          6051                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memRead         5023                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memWrite         1028                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memRefresh       107508                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          753                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.totalStalls          753                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.124442                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankBusy          306                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBusBusy          414                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memArbWait           33                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankCount |         650     10.74%     10.74% |           0      0.00%     10.74% |           0      0.00%     10.74% |           0      0.00%     10.74% |         592      9.78%     20.53% |           0      0.00%     20.53% |           0      0.00%     20.53% |           0      0.00%     20.53% |         565      9.34%     29.86% |           0      0.00%     29.86% |           0      0.00%     29.86% |           0      0.00%     29.86% |         549      9.07%     38.94% |           0      0.00%     38.94% |           0      0.00%     38.94% |           0      0.00%     38.94% |        1152     19.04%     57.97% |           0      0.00%     57.97% |           0      0.00%     57.97% |           0      0.00%     57.97% |        1122     18.54%     76.52% |           0      0.00%     76.52% |           0      0.00%     76.52% |           0      0.00%     76.52% |         775     12.81%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |         646     10.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6051                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memReq          5764                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memRead         4801                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memWrite          963                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memRefresh       107580                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          674                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankQ            1                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.totalStalls          675                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.117106                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankBusy          234                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBusBusy          415                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memArbWait           24                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankCount |         608     10.55%     10.55% |           0      0.00%     10.55% |           0      0.00%     10.55% |           0      0.00%     10.55% |         540      9.37%     19.92% |           0      0.00%     19.92% |           0      0.00%     19.92% |           0      0.00%     19.92% |         572      9.92%     29.84% |           0      0.00%     29.84% |           0      0.00%     29.84% |           0      0.00%     29.84% |         535      9.28%     39.12% |           0      0.00%     39.12% |           0      0.00%     39.12% |           0      0.00%     39.12% |        1090     18.91%     58.03% |           0      0.00%     58.03% |           0      0.00%     58.03% |           0      0.00%     58.03% |        1075     18.65%     76.68% |           0      0.00%     76.68% |           0      0.00%     76.68% |           0      0.00%     76.68% |         729     12.65%     89.33% |           0      0.00%     89.33% |           0      0.00%     89.33% |           0      0.00%     89.33% |         615     10.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5764                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memReq          5943                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memRead         4956                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memWrite          987                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memRefresh       106327                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          725                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.totalStalls          725                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.121992                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankBusy          289                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBusBusy          410                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memArbWait           26                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         575      9.68%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |         574      9.66%     19.33% |           0      0.00%     19.33% |           0      0.00%     19.33% |           0      0.00%     19.33% |         589      9.91%     29.24% |           0      0.00%     29.24% |           0      0.00%     29.24% |           0      0.00%     29.24% |         558      9.39%     38.63% |           0      0.00%     38.63% |           0      0.00%     38.63% |           0      0.00%     38.63% |        1210     20.36%     58.99% |           0      0.00%     58.99% |           0      0.00%     58.99% |           0      0.00%     58.99% |        1022     17.20%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |         765     12.87%     89.06% |           0      0.00%     89.06% |           0      0.00%     89.06% |           0      0.00%     89.06% |         650     10.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5943                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memReq          5597                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memRead         4716                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memWrite          881                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memRefresh       104886                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          658                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.totalStalls          658                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.117563                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankBusy          254                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBusBusy          390                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memArbWait           14                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         576     10.29%     10.29% |           0      0.00%     10.29% |           0      0.00%     10.29% |           0      0.00%     10.29% |         543      9.70%     19.99% |           0      0.00%     19.99% |           0      0.00%     19.99% |           0      0.00%     19.99% |         554      9.90%     29.89% |           0      0.00%     29.89% |           0      0.00%     29.89% |           0      0.00%     29.89% |         530      9.47%     39.36% |           0      0.00%     39.36% |           0      0.00%     39.36% |           0      0.00%     39.36% |        1127     20.14%     59.50% |           0      0.00%     59.50% |           0      0.00%     59.50% |           0      0.00%     59.50% |        1006     17.97%     77.47% |           0      0.00%     77.47% |           0      0.00%     77.47% |           0      0.00%     77.47% |         671     11.99%     89.46% |           0      0.00%     89.46% |           0      0.00%     89.46% |           0      0.00%     89.46% |         590     10.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5597                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memReq          6134                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memRead         5071                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memWrite         1063                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memRefresh       110209                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          689                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memInputQ            1                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.totalStalls          690                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.112488                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankBusy          209                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBusBusy          443                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memArbWait           35                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         610      9.94%      9.94% |           0      0.00%      9.94% |           0      0.00%      9.94% |           0      0.00%      9.94% |         577      9.41%     19.35% |           0      0.00%     19.35% |           0      0.00%     19.35% |           0      0.00%     19.35% |         575      9.37%     28.73% |           0      0.00%     28.73% |           0      0.00%     28.73% |           0      0.00%     28.73% |         537      8.75%     37.48% |           0      0.00%     37.48% |           0      0.00%     37.48% |           0      0.00%     37.48% |        1141     18.60%     56.08% |           0      0.00%     56.08% |           0      0.00%     56.08% |           0      0.00%     56.08% |        1296     21.13%     77.21% |           0      0.00%     77.21% |           0      0.00%     77.21% |           0      0.00%     77.21% |         773     12.60%     89.81% |           0      0.00%     89.81% |           0      0.00%     89.81% |           0      0.00%     89.81% |         625     10.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6134                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memReq          5683                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memRead         4758                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memWrite          925                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memRefresh       107019                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          668                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.totalStalls          668                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.117544                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankBusy          206                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBusBusy          435                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            3                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memArbWait           23                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         570     10.03%     10.03% |           0      0.00%     10.03% |           0      0.00%     10.03% |           0      0.00%     10.03% |         557      9.80%     19.83% |           0      0.00%     19.83% |           0      0.00%     19.83% |           0      0.00%     19.83% |         556      9.78%     29.61% |           0      0.00%     29.61% |           0      0.00%     29.61% |           0      0.00%     29.61% |         526      9.26%     38.87% |           0      0.00%     38.87% |           0      0.00%     38.87% |           0      0.00%     38.87% |        1188     20.90%     59.77% |           0      0.00%     59.77% |           0      0.00%     59.77% |           0      0.00%     59.77% |        1012     17.81%     77.58% |           0      0.00%     77.58% |           0      0.00%     77.58% |           0      0.00%     77.58% |         683     12.02%     89.60% |           0      0.00%     89.60% |           0      0.00%     89.60% |           0      0.00%     89.60% |         591     10.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5683                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memReq          6235                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memRead         5136                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memWrite         1099                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memRefresh       111796                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          807                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.totalStalls          807                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.129431                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankBusy          267                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBusBusy          478                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            5                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memArbWait           57                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         616      9.88%      9.88% |           0      0.00%      9.88% |           0      0.00%      9.88% |           0      0.00%      9.88% |         604      9.69%     19.57% |           0      0.00%     19.57% |           0      0.00%     19.57% |           0      0.00%     19.57% |         585      9.38%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |           0      0.00%     28.95% |         551      8.84%     37.79% |           0      0.00%     37.79% |           0      0.00%     37.79% |           0      0.00%     37.79% |        1331     21.35%     59.13% |           0      0.00%     59.13% |           0      0.00%     59.13% |           0      0.00%     59.13% |        1123     18.01%     77.15% |           0      0.00%     77.15% |           0      0.00%     77.15% |           0      0.00%     77.15% |         739     11.85%     89.00% |           0      0.00%     89.00% |           0      0.00%     89.00% |           0      0.00%     89.00% |         686     11.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6235                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memReq          5608                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memRead         4720                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memWrite          888                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memRefresh       105800                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          693                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memInputQ            1                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankQ            3                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.totalStalls          697                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.124287                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankBusy          251                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBusBusy          416                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memArbWait           24                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         569     10.15%     10.15% |           0      0.00%     10.15% |           0      0.00%     10.15% |           0      0.00%     10.15% |         534      9.52%     19.67% |           0      0.00%     19.67% |           0      0.00%     19.67% |           0      0.00%     19.67% |         529      9.43%     29.10% |           0      0.00%     29.10% |           0      0.00%     29.10% |           0      0.00%     29.10% |         532      9.49%     38.59% |           0      0.00%     38.59% |           0      0.00%     38.59% |           0      0.00%     38.59% |        1172     20.90%     59.49% |           0      0.00%     59.49% |           0      0.00%     59.49% |           0      0.00%     59.49% |        1010     18.01%     77.50% |           0      0.00%     77.50% |           0      0.00%     77.50% |           0      0.00%     77.50% |         669     11.93%     89.43% |           0      0.00%     89.43% |           0      0.00%     89.43% |           0      0.00%     89.43% |         593     10.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5608                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memReq         5987                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memRead         4998                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memWrite          989                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memRefresh       108646                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          785                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.totalStalls          785                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.131117                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankBusy          321                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBusBusy          432                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            3                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memArbWait           29                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         595      9.94%      9.94% |           0      0.00%      9.94% |           0      0.00%      9.94% |           0      0.00%      9.94% |         564      9.42%     19.36% |           0      0.00%     19.36% |           0      0.00%     19.36% |           0      0.00%     19.36% |         553      9.24%     28.60% |           0      0.00%     28.60% |           0      0.00%     28.60% |           0      0.00%     28.60% |         540      9.02%     37.61% |           0      0.00%     37.61% |           0      0.00%     37.61% |           0      0.00%     37.61% |        1389     23.20%     60.82% |           0      0.00%     60.82% |           0      0.00%     60.82% |           0      0.00%     60.82% |        1097     18.32%     79.14% |           0      0.00%     79.14% |           0      0.00%     79.14% |           0      0.00%     79.14% |         643     10.74%     89.88% |           0      0.00%     89.88% |           0      0.00%     89.88% |           0      0.00%     89.88% |         606     10.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5987                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memReq         5522                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memRead         4674                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memWrite          848                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memRefresh       104859                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          760                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memInputQ            1                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankQ           83                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.totalStalls          844                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.152843                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankBusy          304                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBusBusy          429                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memArbWait           26                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         560     10.14%     10.14% |           0      0.00%     10.14% |           0      0.00%     10.14% |           0      0.00%     10.14% |         558     10.11%     20.25% |           0      0.00%     20.25% |           0      0.00%     20.25% |           0      0.00%     20.25% |         540      9.78%     30.03% |           0      0.00%     30.03% |           0      0.00%     30.03% |           0      0.00%     30.03% |         541      9.80%     39.82% |           0      0.00%     39.82% |           0      0.00%     39.82% |           0      0.00%     39.82% |        1150     20.83%     60.65% |           0      0.00%     60.65% |           0      0.00%     60.65% |           0      0.00%     60.65% |         962     17.42%     78.07% |           0      0.00%     78.07% |           0      0.00%     78.07% |           0      0.00%     78.07% |         646     11.70%     89.77% |           0      0.00%     89.77% |           0      0.00%     89.77% |           0      0.00%     89.77% |         565     10.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5522                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memReq         6278                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memRead         5172                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memWrite         1106                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memRefresh       114184                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          751                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memInputQ            2                       # Delay in the input queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.totalStalls          753                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.119943                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankBusy          283                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBusBusy          430                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            4                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memArbWait           34                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         579      9.22%      9.22% |           0      0.00%      9.22% |           0      0.00%      9.22% |           0      0.00%      9.22% |         572      9.11%     18.33% |           0      0.00%     18.33% |           0      0.00%     18.33% |           0      0.00%     18.33% |         554      8.82%     27.16% |           0      0.00%     27.16% |           0      0.00%     27.16% |           0      0.00%     27.16% |         554      8.82%     35.98% |           0      0.00%     35.98% |           0      0.00%     35.98% |           0      0.00%     35.98% |        1244     19.82%     55.80% |           0      0.00%     55.80% |           0      0.00%     55.80% |           0      0.00%     55.80% |        1400     22.30%     78.10% |           0      0.00%     78.10% |           0      0.00%     78.10% |           0      0.00%     78.10% |         712     11.34%     89.44% |           0      0.00%     89.44% |           0      0.00%     89.44% |           0      0.00%     89.44% |         663     10.56%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         6278                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memReq         5611                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memRead         4714                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memWrite          897                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memRefresh       106177                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          650                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.totalStalls          650                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.115844                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankBusy          235                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBusBusy          396                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            2                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memArbWait           17                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         577     10.28%     10.28% |           0      0.00%     10.28% |           0      0.00%     10.28% |           0      0.00%     10.28% |         551      9.82%     20.10% |           0      0.00%     20.10% |           0      0.00%     20.10% |           0      0.00%     20.10% |         557      9.93%     30.03% |           0      0.00%     30.03% |           0      0.00%     30.03% |           0      0.00%     30.03% |         557      9.93%     39.96% |           0      0.00%     39.96% |           0      0.00%     39.96% |           0      0.00%     39.96% |        1140     20.32%     60.27% |           0      0.00%     60.27% |           0      0.00%     60.27% |           0      0.00%     60.27% |         994     17.72%     77.99% |           0      0.00%     77.99% |           0      0.00%     77.99% |           0      0.00%     77.99% |         643     11.46%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |         592     10.55%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5611                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memReq         5897                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memRead         4927                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memWrite          970                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memRefresh       107201                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          826                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankQ           11                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.totalStalls          837                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.141937                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankBusy          363                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBusBusy          424                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memDataBusBusy            3                       # memory stalls due to read read turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memArbWait           36                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         609     10.33%     10.33% |           0      0.00%     10.33% |           0      0.00%     10.33% |           0      0.00%     10.33% |         580      9.84%     20.16% |           0      0.00%     20.16% |           0      0.00%     20.16% |           0      0.00%     20.16% |         573      9.72%     29.88% |           0      0.00%     29.88% |           0      0.00%     29.88% |           0      0.00%     29.88% |         565      9.58%     39.46% |           0      0.00%     39.46% |           0      0.00%     39.46% |           0      0.00%     39.46% |        1194     20.25%     59.71% |           0      0.00%     59.71% |           0      0.00%     59.71% |           0      0.00%     59.71% |        1074     18.21%     77.92% |           0      0.00%     77.92% |           0      0.00%     77.92% |           0      0.00%     77.92% |         687     11.65%     89.57% |           0      0.00%     89.57% |           0      0.00%     89.57% |           0      0.00%     89.57% |         615     10.43%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5897                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memReq         5450                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memRead         4640                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memWrite          810                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memRefresh       101907                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memWaitCycles          680                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankQ            4                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.totalStalls          684                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     0.125505                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankBusy          272                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBusBusy          386                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memArbWait           22                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankCount |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         575     10.55%     10.55% |           0      0.00%     10.55% |           0      0.00%     10.55% |           0      0.00%     10.55% |         550     10.09%     20.64% |           0      0.00%     20.64% |           0      0.00%     20.64% |           0      0.00%     20.64% |         560     10.28%     30.92% |           0      0.00%     30.92% |           0      0.00%     30.92% |           0      0.00%     30.92% |         650     11.93%     42.84% |           0      0.00%     42.84% |           0      0.00%     42.84% |           0      0.00%     42.84% |        1031     18.92%     61.76% |           0      0.00%     61.76% |           0      0.00%     61.76% |           0      0.00%     61.76% |         829     15.21%     76.97% |           0      0.00%     76.97% |           0      0.00%     76.97% |           0      0.00%     76.97% |         651     11.94%     88.92% |           0      0.00%     88.92% |           0      0.00%     88.92% |           0      0.00%     88.92% |         604     11.08%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.memBuffer.memBankCount::total         5450                       # Number of accesses per bank

system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                152                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                     2259012884                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 142301065                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   221790366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           190196319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses             72504424                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   2556072                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts      9681266                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  190196319                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                    72504424                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads         494006114                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        155548002                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads          105841309                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes          56727355                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    75529917                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  45442121                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 30087796                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles               2259012884                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                     2258734258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 124649955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   191642350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           168800950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses             59044930                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                   1802110                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts      8885731                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  168800950                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                    59044930                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads         445428410                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        135213612                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads           81790172                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes          44940213                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                    69154952                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                  41520677                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 27634275                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             276361715.422464                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             1982372542.577537                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.877648                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.122352                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                     2258733272                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                 123325382                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                   191028077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses           167064394                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses             61903368                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                   1921976                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      7689069                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                  167064394                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                    61903368                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads         436665914                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes        131704858                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads           85785902                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes          47125909                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                    67914412                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  40329663                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 27584749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             276364056.478191                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             1982369215.521809                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.877646                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.122354                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                     2258732564                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 122932164                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   190844062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           166297416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses             63387504                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                   1980128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      7111957                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  166297416                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                    63387504                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads         432639213                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        129989263                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads           87853518                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes          48259275                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                    67514453                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                  39875192                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 27639261                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             276366015.597983                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             1982366548.402017                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.877646                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.122354                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                     2258732854                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 122515778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   190426317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           165430552                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses             64547207                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   2009564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts      6703435                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  165430552                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                    64547207                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads         428997080                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        128403989                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads           89466896                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes          49143787                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    67174256                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  39549846                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 27624410                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             276367098.950867                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             1982365755.049133                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.877645                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.122355                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                     2258732184                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 122522428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   190448648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           165519613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses             64376062                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                   2009584                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts      6738108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  165519613                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                    64376062                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads         429344352                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        128593756                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads           89230668                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes          49013125                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    67138505                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  39530011                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 27608494                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             276369024.723555                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             1982363159.276445                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.877644                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.122356                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                     2258733152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 122839713                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   190806457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           166076859                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses             63866921                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                   1987594                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      6991456                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  166076859                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                    63866921                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads         431613672                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        129504303                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads           88519675                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes          48623886                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                    67420090                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                  39795720                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 27624370                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             276369513.118170                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             1982363638.881830                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.877644                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.122356                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                     2258732800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 124505654                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   191423600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           168785496                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses             58521482                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                   1780752                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      9046721                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  168785496                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                    58521482                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads         446049586                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        135524284                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads           81070859                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes          44543201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                    69147480                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                  41578882                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 27568598                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             276371159.839329                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             1982361640.160671                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.877643                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.122357                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                     2258733022                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 125089806                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   192090484                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           169707348                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses             57881014                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                   1764366                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts      9360571                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  169707348                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                    57881014                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads         449375079                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        136903733                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads           80160692                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes          44049475                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                    69563591                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  41934817                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 27628774                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             276372302.864266                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             1982360719.135734                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.877643                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.122357                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                     2258732748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                 124086289                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                   191548826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses           168098350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses             60595029                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                   1877736                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      8221667                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                  168098350                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                    60595029                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads         441249381                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes        133527072                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads           83952776                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes          46124525                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                    68543855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                  40887574                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                 27656281                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             276374031.119884                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             1982358716.880116                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.877642                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.122358                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                     2258733338                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                 122846626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                   190833106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses           166227275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses             63536162                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                   1991704                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts      7024290                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                  166227275                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                    63536162                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads         432112486                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        129830555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads           88062109                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes          48372650                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                    67400021                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                  39766147                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 27633874                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             276374851.218544                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             1982358486.781456                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.877642                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.122358                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                     2258732370                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                 122759318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                   190619875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses           165893229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses             63855932                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                   1987172                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      6967096                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                  165893229                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                    63855932                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads         431104305                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes        129299126                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads           88505673                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes          48616269                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                    67400883                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                  39774951                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                 27625932                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             276377038.489326                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             1982355331.510674                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.877641                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.122359                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                     2258732318                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                 122465998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                   190461271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses           165400017                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses             64711988                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                   2028058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      6584417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                  165400017                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                    64711988                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads         428486595                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes        128238744                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads           89694426                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes          49269010                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                    67060589                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                  39417396                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                 27643193                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             276378421.954004                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             1982353896.045996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.877640                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.122360                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                     2258732906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 122806939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   190813579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           166089850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses             63843742                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                   2000196                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      6933839                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  166089850                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                    63843742                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads         431452184                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        129491984                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads           88484379                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes          48606279                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    67374201                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  39725462                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 27648739                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             276379249.807970                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             1982353656.192030                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.877640                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.122360                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                     2258732684                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 124483767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   191684032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           168663633                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses             59492048                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                   1819700                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts      8727346                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  168663633                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                    59492048                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         444481607                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        134805995                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads           82415281                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes          45282343                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                    69006042                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  41376615                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 27629427                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             276380782.450485                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             1982351901.549515                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.877639                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.122361                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                     2258732956                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 124795670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                   191909329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses           169279579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses             58489110                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   1808008                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      8992295                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                  169279579                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                    58489110                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads         447042601                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        135996792                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads           81012158                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes          44515324                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    69228539                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  41558149                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 27670390                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             276381881.600582                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             1982351074.399418                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.877639                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.122361                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Load               |    44492841      6.99%      6.99% |    40577881      6.38%     13.37% |    39345762      6.18%     19.55% |    38867206      6.11%     25.66% |    38523016      6.05%     31.71% |    38507549      6.05%     37.76% |    38780729      6.09%     43.86% |    40644925      6.39%     50.25% |    41009837      6.44%     56.69% |    39923964      6.27%     62.97% |    38756937      6.09%     69.06% |    38758983      6.09%     75.15% |    38390010      6.03%     81.18% |    38711197      6.08%     87.26% |    40427163      6.35%     93.62% |    40625532      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Load::total           636343532                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ifetch             |   200631951      7.14%      7.14% |   174111092      6.19%     13.33% |   173925040      6.19%     19.51% |   174078966      6.19%     25.71% |   174033756      6.19%     31.90% |   174016315      6.19%     38.09% |   174149226      6.19%     44.28% |   173687266      6.18%     50.46% |   174136100      6.19%     56.65% |   174200430      6.20%     62.85% |   174085917      6.19%     69.04% |   174026021      6.19%     75.23% |   174096156      6.19%     81.42% |   174130276      6.19%     87.61% |   174112362      6.19%     93.81% |   174127148      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ifetch::total        2811548022                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Store              |    31037077      6.74%      6.74% |    28577071      6.21%     12.95% |    28568650      6.21%     19.16% |    28647247      6.22%     25.39% |    28651240      6.23%     31.61% |    28630956      6.22%     37.83% |    28639361      6.22%     44.05% |    28502555      6.19%     50.25% |    28553754      6.20%     56.45% |    28619891      6.22%     62.67% |    28643084      6.22%     68.89% |    28641900      6.22%     75.12% |    28670579      6.23%     81.35% |    28663004      6.23%     87.58% |    28578879      6.21%     93.79% |    28603007      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Store::total          460228255                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1_Replacement     |     1304296      6.29%      6.29% |     1032188      4.97%     11.26% |     1357794      6.54%     17.81% |     1418801      6.84%     24.64% |     1509207      7.27%     31.92% |     1521506      7.33%     39.25% |     1427182      6.88%     46.13% |     1134054      5.47%     51.60% |      932479      4.49%     56.09% |     1150564      5.55%     61.63% |     1447278      6.98%     68.61% |     1461343      7.04%     75.65% |     1521618      7.33%     82.99% |     1438546      6.93%     89.92% |     1073058      5.17%     95.09% |     1018178      4.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1_Replacement::total     20748092                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Own_GETX           |          55     10.11%     10.11% |          49      9.01%     19.12% |          24      4.41%     23.53% |          31      5.70%     29.23% |          74     13.60%     42.83% |          43      7.90%     50.74% |          21      3.86%     54.60% |          29      5.33%     59.93% |          30      5.51%     65.44% |          16      2.94%     68.38% |          21      3.86%     72.24% |          28      5.15%     77.39% |          24      4.41%     81.80% |          18      3.31%     85.11% |          22      4.04%     89.15% |          59     10.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Own_GETX::total             544                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETX           |        2613      6.79%      6.79% |        1883      4.89%     11.68% |        3030      7.87%     19.56% |        2667      6.93%     26.49% |        2289      5.95%     32.44% |        2393      6.22%     38.66% |        2625      6.82%     45.48% |        2490      6.47%     51.95% |        2205      5.73%     57.68% |        2254      5.86%     63.54% |        2368      6.15%     69.69% |        2493      6.48%     76.17% |        2440      6.34%     82.51% |        2649      6.88%     89.39% |        2145      5.57%     94.97% |        1936      5.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETX::total           38480                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETS           |      144740      6.58%      6.58% |      105994      4.82%     11.40% |      169368      7.70%     19.09% |      146040      6.64%     25.73% |      170318      7.74%     33.47% |      156570      7.12%     40.59% |      144063      6.55%     47.14% |      120406      5.47%     52.61% |       89345      4.06%     56.67% |      127380      5.79%     62.46% |      144692      6.58%     69.04% |      155019      7.05%     76.09% |      157939      7.18%     83.26% |      149894      6.81%     90.08% |      120228      5.46%     95.54% |       98073      4.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Fwd_GETS::total         2200069                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Inv                |        2556      6.66%      6.66% |        1894      4.94%     11.60% |        2838      7.40%     19.00% |        2545      6.63%     25.63% |        2338      6.09%     31.73% |        2467      6.43%     38.16% |        2635      6.87%     45.02% |        2303      6.00%     51.03% |        2361      6.15%     57.18% |        2386      6.22%     63.40% |        2524      6.58%     69.98% |        2414      6.29%     76.27% |        2323      6.06%     82.33% |        2459      6.41%     88.74% |        2252      5.87%     94.61% |        2069      5.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Inv::total                38364                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ack                |        4910      6.84%      6.84% |        4369      6.08%     12.92% |        4652      6.48%     19.40% |        4385      6.11%     25.50% |        4505      6.27%     31.78% |        4386      6.11%     37.88% |        4392      6.12%     44.00% |        4623      6.44%     50.44% |        4548      6.33%     56.77% |        4200      5.85%     62.62% |        4737      6.60%     69.22% |        4510      6.28%     75.50% |        4252      5.92%     81.42% |        4987      6.94%     88.36% |        4030      5.61%     93.97% |        4329      6.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Ack::total                71815                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Data               |      770278      5.53%      5.53% |      709387      5.09%     10.62% |      908165      6.52%     17.13% |      979775      7.03%     24.16% |     1033121      7.41%     31.58% |     1040547      7.47%     39.04% |      957922      6.87%     45.92% |      735634      5.28%     51.20% |      621509      4.46%     55.66% |      771238      5.53%     61.19% |      978472      7.02%     68.21% |     1001341      7.19%     75.40% |     1024388      7.35%     82.75% |      982331      7.05%     89.80% |      734787      5.27%     95.07% |      687197      4.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Data::total            13936092                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Exclusive_Data     |      543489      7.82%      7.82% |      329671      4.74%     12.57% |      459332      6.61%     19.18% |      447926      6.45%     25.62% |      484533      6.97%     32.60% |      489665      7.05%     39.65% |      477771      6.88%     46.52% |      407065      5.86%     52.38% |      319244      4.59%     56.98% |      387449      5.58%     62.55% |      477497      6.87%     69.42% |      468696      6.75%     76.17% |      505702      7.28%     83.45% |      465084      6.69%     90.14% |      346407      4.99%     95.13% |      338567      4.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Exclusive_Data::total      6948098                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack      |      766898      5.52%      5.52% |      706750      5.09%     10.61% |      904641      6.51%     17.13% |      976588      7.03%     24.16% |     1030035      7.42%     31.58% |     1037422      7.47%     39.05% |      954600      6.87%     45.92% |      732571      5.28%     51.20% |      618286      4.45%     55.65% |      768188      5.53%     61.18% |      975268      7.02%     68.21% |      998215      7.19%     75.39% |     1021429      7.36%     82.75% |      979126      7.05%     89.80% |      731860      5.27%     95.07% |      684316      4.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack::total     13886193                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack_Data |      534496      7.84%      7.84% |      323095      4.74%     12.57% |      450491      6.60%     19.18% |      439724      6.45%     25.62% |      476552      6.99%     32.61% |      481383      7.06%     39.67% |      470024      6.89%     46.56% |      398859      5.85%     52.40% |      311845      4.57%     56.97% |      379940      5.57%     62.54% |      469590      6.88%     69.43% |      460700      6.75%     76.18% |      497584      7.29%     83.48% |      456700      6.70%     90.17% |      338969      4.97%     95.14% |      331465      4.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      6821417                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.All_acks           |       63404     10.83%     10.83% |       29641      5.06%     15.89% |       41529      7.09%     22.98% |       37012      6.32%     29.30% |       39929      6.82%     36.12% |       39758      6.79%     42.91% |       37017      6.32%     49.23% |       32678      5.58%     54.81% |       29158      4.98%     59.79% |       30419      5.19%     64.99% |       36543      6.24%     71.23% |       35295      6.03%     77.25% |       36736      6.27%     83.53% |       37189      6.35%     89.88% |       29173      4.98%     94.86% |       30103      5.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.All_acks::total          585584                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Use_Timeout        |      543543      7.82%      7.82% |      329720      4.75%     12.57% |      459356      6.61%     19.18% |      447957      6.45%     25.62% |      484607      6.97%     32.60% |      489708      7.05%     39.65% |      477792      6.88%     46.52% |      407094      5.86%     52.38% |      319274      4.59%     56.98% |      387465      5.58%     62.55% |      477518      6.87%     69.42% |      468724      6.75%     76.17% |      505726      7.28%     83.45% |      465102      6.69%     90.14% |      346429      4.99%     95.13% |      338626      4.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.Use_Timeout::total      6948641                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Load             |     1249260      6.16%      6.16% |     1009234      4.97%     11.13% |     1325776      6.53%     17.66% |     1390515      6.85%     24.51% |     1477571      7.28%     31.79% |     1490269      7.34%     39.14% |     1398492      6.89%     46.03% |     1109836      5.47%     51.50% |      911407      4.49%     55.99% |     1128072      5.56%     61.55% |     1419217      6.99%     68.54% |     1434539      7.07%     75.61% |     1493147      7.36%     82.96% |     1410034      6.95%     89.91% |     1051825      5.18%     95.09% |      995503      4.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Load::total          20294697                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Ifetch           |        1158     26.00%     26.00% |         232      5.21%     31.21% |         216      4.85%     36.07% |         205      4.60%     40.67% |         228      5.12%     45.79% |         228      5.12%     50.91% |         205      4.60%     55.51% |         214      4.81%     60.32% |         218      4.90%     65.21% |         212      4.76%     69.98% |         230      5.17%     75.14% |         231      5.19%     80.33% |         231      5.19%     85.52% |         210      4.72%     90.23% |         218      4.90%     95.13% |         217      4.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Ifetch::total            4453                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Store            |       62622     10.87%     10.87% |       29001      5.03%     15.90% |       40990      7.12%     23.02% |       36504      6.34%     29.36% |       39282      6.82%     36.18% |       39247      6.81%     42.99% |       36469      6.33%     49.32% |       32058      5.56%     54.88% |       28440      4.94%     59.82% |       29906      5.19%     65.01% |       36010      6.25%     71.26% |       34732      6.03%     77.29% |       36204      6.28%     83.58% |       36579      6.35%     89.93% |       28631      4.97%     94.90% |       29406      5.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.Store::total           576081                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.L1_Replacement   |        2902      7.17%      7.17% |        2343      5.79%     12.96% |        2662      6.58%     19.53% |        2489      6.15%     25.68% |        2620      6.47%     32.15% |        2701      6.67%     38.82% |        2558      6.32%     45.14% |        2624      6.48%     51.63% |        2348      5.80%     57.43% |        2436      6.02%     63.44% |        2420      5.98%     69.42% |        2428      6.00%     75.42% |        2605      6.43%     81.85% |        2720      6.72%     88.57% |        2229      5.51%     94.08% |        2397      5.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.I.L1_Replacement::total        40482                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Load             |     9578943      7.00%      7.00% |     9711674      7.09%     14.09% |     8640533      6.31%     20.41% |     8248851      6.03%     26.43% |     6837149      4.99%     31.43% |     7894428      5.77%     37.19% |     8058082      5.89%     43.08% |     9759393      7.13%     50.21% |     9468312      6.92%     57.13% |     9353104      6.83%     63.96% |     7490863      5.47%     69.43% |     8009012      5.85%     75.28% |     7155409      5.23%     80.51% |     8090484      5.91%     86.42% |     9082085      6.63%     93.06% |     9505343      6.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Load::total         136883665                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Ifetch           |   172601185      6.61%      6.61% |   156378363      5.99%     12.60% |   167825753      6.43%     19.02% |   173955946      6.66%     25.68% |   174032123      6.66%     32.35% |   174002356      6.66%     39.01% |   174120903      6.67%     45.68% |   173544373      6.65%     52.32% |   173648383      6.65%     58.97% |   174192636      6.67%     65.64% |   173124424      6.63%     72.27% |   173807185      6.66%     78.93% |   173451358      6.64%     85.57% |   174086781      6.67%     92.23% |    28713333      1.10%     93.33% |   174125989      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Ifetch::total      2611611091                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Store            |         727      8.11%      8.11% |         591      6.60%     14.71% |         515      5.75%     20.46% |         477      5.32%     25.78% |         573      6.40%     32.18% |         468      5.22%     37.40% |         527      5.88%     43.29% |         591      6.60%     49.88% |         688      7.68%     57.56% |         497      5.55%     63.11% |         512      5.71%     68.82% |         535      5.97%     74.80% |         508      5.67%     80.47% |         592      6.61%     87.07% |         520      5.80%     92.88% |         638      7.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Store::total             8959                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.L1_Replacement   |      766900      5.52%      5.52% |      706752      5.09%     10.61% |      904641      6.51%     17.13% |      976588      7.03%     24.16% |     1030035      7.42%     31.58% |     1037423      7.47%     39.05% |      954600      6.87%     45.92% |      732571      5.28%     51.20% |      618286      4.45%     55.65% |      768188      5.53%     61.18% |      975269      7.02%     68.21% |      998215      7.19%     75.39% |     1021431      7.36%     82.75% |      979126      7.05%     89.80% |      731860      5.27%     95.07% |      684317      4.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.L1_Replacement::total     13886202                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Fwd_GETS         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Fwd_GETS::total             3                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Inv              |        2513      6.67%      6.67% |        1852      4.92%     11.59% |        2807      7.45%     19.04% |        2511      6.67%     25.71% |        2287      6.07%     31.78% |        2426      6.44%     38.23% |        2588      6.87%     45.10% |        2257      5.99%     51.09% |        2327      6.18%     57.27% |        2340      6.21%     63.48% |        2479      6.58%     70.07% |        2362      6.27%     76.34% |        2269      6.02%     82.36% |        2404      6.38%     88.75% |        2208      5.86%     94.61% |        2030      5.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.S.Inv::total              37660                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Load             |      242200      2.80%      2.80% |      644388      7.45%     10.26% |      335674      3.88%     14.14% |      233741      2.70%     16.84% |     1228258     14.21%     31.05% |      177730      2.06%     33.11% |      214842      2.49%     35.59% |      359774      4.16%     39.76% |     1260980     14.59%     54.34% |      251165      2.91%     57.25% |      765221      8.85%     66.10% |      215005      2.49%     68.59% |      667012      7.72%     76.30% |      177755      2.06%     78.36% |      986053     11.41%     89.77% |      884523     10.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Load::total           8644321                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Ifetch           |     1350169      0.78%      0.78% |    17731239     10.24%     11.02% |     6098403      3.52%     14.54% |      122594      0.07%     14.61% |        1374      0.00%     14.61% |       13710      0.01%     14.62% |       27944      0.02%     14.64% |      140690      0.08%     14.72% |      409221      0.24%     14.95% |        7392      0.00%     14.96% |      961128      0.56%     15.51% |      218524      0.13%     15.64% |      641390      0.37%     16.01% |       43010      0.02%     16.03% |   145398030     83.96%    100.00% |         876      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Ifetch::total       173165694                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Store            |          55     10.11%     10.11% |          49      9.01%     19.12% |          24      4.41%     23.53% |          31      5.70%     29.23% |          74     13.60%     42.83% |          43      7.90%     50.74% |          21      3.86%     54.60% |          29      5.33%     59.93% |          30      5.51%     65.44% |          16      2.94%     68.38% |          21      3.86%     72.24% |          28      5.15%     77.39% |          24      4.41%     81.80% |          18      3.31%     85.11% |          22      4.04%     89.15% |          59     10.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Store::total              544                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.L1_Replacement   |       55443      5.58%      5.58% |       40991      4.12%      9.70% |       70868      7.13%     16.83% |       69742      7.02%     23.85% |       81923      8.24%     32.09% |       81151      8.16%     40.25% |       70708      7.11%     47.37% |       51909      5.22%     52.59% |       33083      3.33%     55.92% |       56545      5.69%     61.61% |       73986      7.44%     69.05% |       74501      7.49%     76.54% |       80251      8.07%     84.62% |       77197      7.77%     92.38% |       41236      4.15%     96.53% |       34477      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.L1_Replacement::total       994011                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETX         |         955      6.89%      6.89% |         618      4.46%     11.34% |        1103      7.95%     19.30% |        1010      7.28%     26.58% |         841      6.06%     32.65% |         877      6.32%     38.97% |        1001      7.22%     46.19% |         877      6.32%     52.51% |         810      5.84%     58.35% |         825      5.95%     64.30% |         908      6.55%     70.85% |         865      6.24%     77.09% |         878      6.33%     83.42% |        1000      7.21%     90.63% |         695      5.01%     95.64% |         604      4.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETX::total         13867                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETS         |       74415      7.52%      7.52% |       54683      5.53%     13.04% |       82689      8.35%     21.40% |       62161      6.28%     27.68% |       74471      7.52%     35.20% |       61253      6.19%     41.39% |       59545      6.02%     47.41% |       54841      5.54%     52.95% |       43529      4.40%     57.35% |       58069      5.87%     63.22% |       56329      5.69%     68.91% |       66871      6.76%     75.67% |       63849      6.45%     82.12% |       57992      5.86%     87.98% |       66807      6.75%     94.73% |       52195      5.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.O.Fwd_GETS::total        989699                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Load             |     2970836     12.71%     12.71% |     1262203      5.40%     18.12% |     1362178      5.83%     23.95% |     1315273      5.63%     29.57% |     1306181      5.59%     35.16% |     1322357      5.66%     40.82% |     1412065      6.04%     46.87% |     1510248      6.46%     53.33% |     1337374      5.72%     59.05% |     1343136      5.75%     64.80% |     1408064      6.03%     70.83% |     1386344      5.93%     76.76% |     1402360      6.00%     82.76% |     1347990      5.77%     88.53% |     1374865      5.88%     94.42% |     1304639      5.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Load::total          23366113                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Ifetch           |    26674088     99.68%     99.68% |        1069      0.00%     99.68% |         543      0.00%     99.68% |         163      0.00%     99.69% |           4      0.00%     99.69% |           4      0.00%     99.69% |         159      0.00%     99.69% |        1965      0.01%     99.69% |       78171      0.29%     99.99% |         179      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |          24      0.00%     99.99% |        2869      0.01%    100.00% |         239      0.00%    100.00% |         615      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Ifetch::total        26760131                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Store            |       28148      5.64%      5.64% |       30262      6.06%     11.70% |       34716      6.95%     18.65% |       30457      6.10%     24.75% |       33669      6.74%     31.49% |       32096      6.43%     37.92% |       32314      6.47%     44.39% |       32150      6.44%     50.83% |       31865      6.38%     57.21% |       29808      5.97%     63.18% |       31580      6.32%     69.50% |       30415      6.09%     75.59% |       30545      6.12%     81.71% |       30900      6.19%     87.90% |       29332      5.87%     93.77% |       31112      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Store::total           499369                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.L1_Replacement   |      358539      7.55%      7.55% |      225206      4.74%     12.29% |      306900      6.46%     18.75% |      302065      6.36%     25.11% |      324505      6.83%     31.94% |      329729      6.94%     38.88% |      333286      7.02%     45.89% |      285722      6.01%     51.91% |      219372      4.62%     56.53% |      266218      5.60%     62.13% |      330838      6.96%     69.09% |      323792      6.82%     75.91% |      353590      7.44%     83.35% |      313819      6.61%     89.96% |      242263      5.10%     95.06% |      234738      4.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.L1_Replacement::total      4750582                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETX         |         541      6.20%      6.20% |         425      4.87%     11.07% |         710      8.14%     19.20% |         600      6.88%     26.08% |         525      6.02%     32.10% |         522      5.98%     38.08% |         525      6.02%     44.09% |         550      6.30%     50.40% |         525      6.02%     56.41% |         547      6.27%     62.68% |         522      5.98%     68.66% |         575      6.59%     75.25% |         533      6.11%     81.36% |         577      6.61%     87.97% |         550      6.30%     94.27% |         500      5.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETX::total          8727                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETS         |       56476      5.60%      5.60% |       41689      4.13%      9.73% |       72017      7.14%     16.87% |       70795      7.02%     23.89% |       82846      8.21%     32.10% |       82075      8.14%     40.24% |       71733      7.11%     47.35% |       52821      5.24%     52.59% |       33940      3.36%     55.95% |       57390      5.69%     61.64% |       74938      7.43%     69.07% |       75402      7.48%     76.55% |       81210      8.05%     84.60% |       78222      7.75%     92.35% |       41980      4.16%     96.52% |       35150      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M.Fwd_GETS::total       1008684                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Load           |      331001      6.61%      6.61% |      229586      4.58%     11.19% |      333201      6.65%     17.84% |      319456      6.37%     24.21% |      363776      7.26%     31.47% |      354873      7.08%     38.55% |      352157      7.03%     45.58% |      300845      6.00%     51.58% |      227448      4.54%     56.12% |      286489      5.72%     61.84% |      355856      7.10%     68.94% |      345883      6.90%     75.84% |      375451      7.49%     83.34% |      347258      6.93%     90.26% |      250103      4.99%     95.26% |      237734      4.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Load::total         5011117                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Ifetch         |        5351     80.43%     80.43% |         189      2.84%     83.27% |         125      1.88%     85.15% |          58      0.87%     86.02% |          27      0.41%     86.43% |          17      0.26%     86.68% |          15      0.23%     86.91% |          24      0.36%     87.27% |         107      1.61%     88.88% |          11      0.17%     89.04% |         129      1.94%     90.98% |          57      0.86%     91.84% |         308      4.63%     96.47% |          36      0.54%     97.01% |         166      2.50%     99.50% |          33      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Ifetch::total          6653                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Store          |       36008     38.01%     38.01% |        2445      2.58%     40.59% |        3451      3.64%     44.24% |        6994      7.38%     51.62% |        3096      3.27%     54.89% |        5490      5.80%     60.68% |        2886      3.05%     63.73% |        3140      3.31%     67.04% |        4386      4.63%     71.67% |        3041      3.21%     74.88% |        3061      3.23%     78.11% |        3209      3.39%     81.50% |        3070      3.24%     84.74% |        4360      4.60%     89.35% |        3102      3.27%     92.62% |        6991      7.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Store::total          94730                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETX       |         178      6.14%      6.14% |         157      5.42%     11.56% |         244      8.42%     19.98% |         202      6.97%     26.95% |         148      5.11%     32.06% |         170      5.87%     37.92% |         269      9.28%     47.20% |         176      6.07%     53.28% |         136      4.69%     57.97% |         165      5.69%     63.66% |         191      6.59%     70.26% |         226      7.80%     78.05% |         156      5.38%     83.44% |         191      6.59%     90.03% |         158      5.45%     95.48% |         131      4.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total         2898                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETS       |        2126      6.68%      6.68% |        1434      4.50%     11.18% |        2615      8.21%     19.39% |        2317      7.28%     26.67% |        2040      6.41%     33.07% |        1969      6.18%     39.26% |        2277      7.15%     46.41% |        1865      5.86%     52.26% |        2032      6.38%     58.64% |        1925      6.04%     64.69% |        2279      7.16%     71.84% |        1984      6.23%     78.08% |        1989      6.25%     84.32% |        1947      6.11%     90.43% |        1611      5.06%     95.49% |        1435      4.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total        31845                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Use_Timeout    |      444131      7.09%      7.09% |      297634      4.75%     11.83% |      414376      6.61%     18.44% |      403951      6.44%     24.89% |      441582      7.04%     31.93% |      444460      7.09%     39.02% |      437889      6.99%     46.01% |      371276      5.92%     51.93% |      285730      4.56%     56.49% |      354005      5.65%     62.14% |      437914      6.99%     69.12% |      430220      6.86%     75.99% |      465920      7.43%     83.42% |      423553      6.76%     90.18% |      314154      5.01%     95.19% |      301532      4.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      6268327                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Load            |    30079390      6.80%      6.80% |    27720532      6.27%     13.07% |    27348181      6.19%     19.26% |    27359152      6.19%     25.45% |    27309789      6.18%     31.63% |    27267648      6.17%     37.79% |    27344847      6.19%     43.98% |    27604594      6.24%     50.22% |    27804084      6.29%     56.51% |    27561753      6.23%     62.75% |    27317489      6.18%     68.93% |    27367967      6.19%     75.12% |    27296376      6.17%     81.29% |    27337419      6.18%     87.47% |    27681995      6.26%     93.73% |    27697532      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Load::total        442098748                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Store           |    30804700      6.72%      6.72% |    28480835      6.22%     12.94% |    28436496      6.21%     19.14% |    28521690      6.22%     25.37% |    28517541      6.22%     31.59% |    28490685      6.22%     37.81% |    28516033      6.22%     44.03% |    28394448      6.20%     50.23% |    28453609      6.21%     56.44% |    28520953      6.22%     62.66% |    28521650      6.22%     68.88% |    28526662      6.23%     75.11% |    28550154      6.23%     81.34% |    28538061      6.23%     87.57% |    28484104      6.22%     93.78% |    28492372      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Store::total       458249993                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.L1_Replacement  |      120512     11.19%     11.19% |       56896      5.28%     16.48% |       72723      6.75%     23.23% |       67917      6.31%     29.54% |       70124      6.51%     36.05% |       70502      6.55%     42.60% |       66030      6.13%     48.73% |       61228      5.69%     54.41% |       59390      5.52%     59.93% |       57177      5.31%     65.24% |       64765      6.01%     71.25% |       62407      5.80%     77.05% |       63741      5.92%     82.97% |       65684      6.10%     89.07% |       55470      5.15%     94.22% |       62249      5.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1076815                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETX        |         729      7.07%      7.07% |         527      5.11%     12.18% |         747      7.24%     19.42% |         627      6.08%     25.50% |         651      6.31%     31.81% |         700      6.79%     38.60% |         645      6.25%     44.86% |         720      6.98%     51.84% |         542      5.26%     57.09% |         576      5.59%     62.68% |         625      6.06%     68.74% |         660      6.40%     75.14% |         710      6.88%     82.02% |         688      6.67%     88.69% |         586      5.68%     94.38% |         580      5.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETX::total        10313                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETS        |        5891      6.92%      6.92% |        4459      5.24%     12.16% |        5759      6.76%     18.92% |        5451      6.40%     25.33% |        5454      6.41%     31.73% |        5677      6.67%     38.40% |        5070      5.96%     44.36% |        5560      6.53%     50.89% |        5006      5.88%     56.77% |        5054      5.94%     62.70% |        5327      6.26%     68.96% |        5386      6.33%     75.29% |        5440      6.39%     81.68% |        5610      6.59%     88.27% |        5082      5.97%     94.24% |        4907      5.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        85133                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Load          |       41211     91.84%     91.84% |         264      0.59%     92.43% |         219      0.49%     92.92% |         218      0.49%     93.41% |         292      0.65%     94.06% |         244      0.54%     94.60% |         244      0.54%     95.14% |         235      0.52%     95.67% |         232      0.52%     96.18% |         245      0.55%     96.73% |         227      0.51%     97.24% |         233      0.52%     97.76% |         255      0.57%     98.32% |         257      0.57%     98.90% |         237      0.53%     99.43% |         258      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Load::total          44871                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Store         |      104817     13.13%     13.13% |       33888      4.24%     17.37% |       52458      6.57%     23.94% |       51094      6.40%     30.34% |       57005      7.14%     37.47% |       62927      7.88%     45.35% |       51111      6.40%     51.75% |       40139      5.03%     56.78% |       34736      4.35%     61.13% |       35670      4.47%     65.60% |       50250      6.29%     71.89% |       46319      5.80%     77.69% |       50074      6.27%     83.96% |       52494      6.57%     90.53% |       33168      4.15%     94.69% |       42429      5.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Store::total        798579                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETX      |         210      7.85%      7.85% |         156      5.83%     13.68% |         226      8.45%     22.13% |         228      8.52%     30.65% |         124      4.64%     35.29% |         124      4.64%     39.93% |         185      6.92%     46.84% |         167      6.24%     53.08% |         192      7.18%     60.26% |         141      5.27%     65.53% |         122      4.56%     70.09% |         167      6.24%     76.34% |         163      6.09%     82.43% |         193      7.21%     89.64% |         156      5.83%     95.48% |         121      4.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total         2675                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETS      |        5817      6.89%      6.89% |        3715      4.40%     11.29% |        6267      7.42%     18.71% |        5300      6.28%     24.98% |        5490      6.50%     31.48% |        5569      6.59%     38.08% |        5420      6.42%     44.50% |        5305      6.28%     50.78% |        4831      5.72%     56.50% |        4925      5.83%     62.33% |        5803      6.87%     69.20% |        5360      6.35%     75.55% |        5431      6.43%     81.98% |        6113      7.24%     89.22% |        4734      5.61%     94.82% |        4372      5.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total        84452                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Use_Timeout   |       99412     14.61%     14.61% |       32086      4.72%     19.33% |       44980      6.61%     25.94% |       44006      6.47%     32.41% |       43025      6.32%     38.73% |       45248      6.65%     45.38% |       39903      5.87%     51.25% |       35818      5.26%     56.51% |       33544      4.93%     61.45% |       33460      4.92%     66.36% |       39604      5.82%     72.19% |       38504      5.66%     77.84% |       39806      5.85%     83.70% |       41549      6.11%     89.80% |       32275      4.74%     94.55% |       37094      5.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       680314                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Ack             |        3233      6.60%      6.60% |        2693      5.50%     12.11% |        3292      6.73%     18.83% |        3060      6.25%     25.08% |        3102      6.34%     31.42% |        3133      6.40%     37.82% |        3087      6.31%     44.13% |        3188      6.51%     50.64% |        2910      5.94%     56.59% |        2881      5.89%     62.47% |        3240      6.62%     69.09% |        3112      6.36%     75.45% |        3044      6.22%     81.67% |        3475      7.10%     88.77% |        2749      5.62%     94.38% |        2750      5.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Ack::total             48949                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Exclusive_Data  |       62665     10.86%     10.86% |       29043      5.04%     15.90% |       41021      7.11%     23.01% |       36538      6.33%     29.35% |       39333      6.82%     36.17% |       39288      6.81%     42.98% |       36516      6.33%     49.31% |       32104      5.57%     54.87% |       28474      4.94%     59.81% |       29952      5.19%     65.00% |       36055      6.25%     71.26% |       34784      6.03%     77.29% |       36258      6.29%     83.57% |       36634      6.35%     89.92% |       28675      4.97%     94.89% |       29445      5.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       576785                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Inv             |          43      6.11%      6.11% |          42      5.97%     12.07% |          31      4.40%     16.48% |          34      4.83%     21.31% |          51      7.24%     28.55% |          41      5.82%     34.38% |          47      6.68%     41.05% |          46      6.53%     47.59% |          34      4.83%     52.41% |          46      6.53%     58.95% |          45      6.39%     65.34% |          52      7.39%     72.73% |          54      7.67%     80.40% |          55      7.81%     88.21% |          44      6.25%     94.46% |          39      5.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Inv::total               704                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Ack             |        1302      7.24%      7.24% |        1254      6.98%     14.22% |        1101      6.12%     20.34% |        1092      6.07%     26.42% |        1005      5.59%     32.01% |         904      5.03%     37.04% |        1102      6.13%     43.17% |        1158      6.44%     49.61% |        1293      7.19%     56.80% |        1099      6.11%     62.91% |        1218      6.78%     69.69% |        1135      6.31%     76.00% |         952      5.30%     81.30% |        1209      6.73%     88.02% |         962      5.35%     93.37% |        1191      6.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Ack::total             17977                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Exclusive_Data  |         684      8.29%      8.29% |         549      6.65%     14.94% |         484      5.86%     20.80% |         443      5.37%     26.17% |         522      6.32%     32.49% |         427      5.17%     37.66% |         480      5.81%     43.48% |         545      6.60%     50.08% |         654      7.92%     58.00% |         451      5.46%     63.46% |         467      5.66%     69.12% |         483      5.85%     74.97% |         454      5.50%     80.47% |         537      6.51%     86.98% |         476      5.77%     92.74% |         599      7.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SM.Exclusive_Data::total         8255                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Own_GETX        |          55     10.11%     10.11% |          49      9.01%     19.12% |          24      4.41%     23.53% |          31      5.70%     29.23% |          74     13.60%     42.83% |          43      7.90%     50.74% |          21      3.86%     54.60% |          29      5.33%     59.93% |          30      5.51%     65.44% |          16      2.94%     68.38% |          21      3.86%     72.24% |          28      5.15%     77.39% |          24      4.41%     81.80% |          18      3.31%     85.11% |          22      4.04%     89.15% |          59     10.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Own_GETX::total          544                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Ack             |         375      7.67%      7.67% |         422      8.63%     16.30% |         259      5.30%     21.60% |         233      4.77%     26.37% |         398      8.14%     34.51% |         349      7.14%     41.64% |         203      4.15%     45.80% |         277      5.67%     51.46% |         345      7.06%     58.52% |         220      4.50%     63.02% |         279      5.71%     68.73% |         263      5.38%     74.11% |         256      5.24%     79.34% |         303      6.20%     85.54% |         319      6.52%     92.06% |         388      7.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.Ack::total              4889                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.All_acks        |       63404     10.83%     10.83% |       29641      5.06%     15.89% |       41529      7.09%     22.98% |       37012      6.32%     29.30% |       39929      6.82%     36.12% |       39758      6.79%     42.91% |       37017      6.32%     49.23% |       32678      5.58%     54.81% |       29158      4.98%     59.79% |       30419      5.19%     64.99% |       36543      6.24%     71.23% |       35295      6.03%     77.25% |       36736      6.27%     83.53% |       37189      6.35%     89.88% |       29173      4.98%     94.86% |       30103      5.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OM.All_acks::total       585584                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Data            |      770278      5.53%      5.53% |      709387      5.09%     10.62% |      908165      6.52%     17.13% |      979775      7.03%     24.16% |     1033121      7.41%     31.58% |     1040547      7.47%     39.04% |      957922      6.87%     45.92% |      735634      5.28%     51.20% |      621509      4.46%     55.66% |      771238      5.53%     61.19% |      978472      7.02%     68.21% |     1001341      7.19%     75.40% |     1024388      7.35%     82.75% |      982331      7.05%     89.80% |      734787      5.27%     95.07% |      687197      4.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Data::total         13936092                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Data  |      480140      7.55%      7.55% |      300079      4.72%     12.26% |      417827      6.57%     18.83% |      410945      6.46%     25.29% |      444678      6.99%     32.27% |      449950      7.07%     39.35% |      440775      6.93%     46.27% |      374416      5.88%     52.16% |      290116      4.56%     56.72% |      357046      5.61%     62.33% |      440975      6.93%     69.26% |      433429      6.81%     76.07% |      468990      7.37%     83.44% |      427913      6.72%     90.17% |      317256      4.99%     95.15% |      308523      4.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      6363058                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack   |      766898      5.52%      5.52% |      706750      5.09%     10.61% |      904641      6.51%     17.13% |      976588      7.03%     24.16% |     1030035      7.42%     31.58% |     1037422      7.47%     39.05% |      954600      6.87%     45.92% |      732571      5.28%     51.20% |      618286      4.45%     55.65% |      768188      5.53%     61.18% |      975268      7.02%     68.21% |      998215      7.19%     75.39% |     1021429      7.36%     82.75% |      979126      7.05%     89.80% |      731860      5.27%     95.07% |      684316      4.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack::total     13886193                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           2     22.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     22.22%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total            9                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Fwd_GETS        |           7      4.86%      4.86% |           9      6.25%     11.11% |           6      4.17%     15.28% |          11      7.64%     22.92% |           8      5.56%     28.47% |          14      9.72%     38.19% |          14      9.72%     47.92% |          12      8.33%     56.25% |           5      3.47%     59.72% |           9      6.25%     65.97% |          12      8.33%     74.31% |           8      5.56%     79.86% |           9      6.25%     86.11% |           4      2.78%     88.89% |           9      6.25%     95.14% |           7      4.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Fwd_GETS::total          144                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       55451      5.58%      5.58% |       40995      4.12%      9.70% |       70883      7.13%     16.83% |       69747      7.02%     23.85% |       81932      8.24%     32.09% |       81164      8.16%     40.25% |       70712      7.11%     47.37% |       51911      5.22%     52.59% |       33085      3.33%     55.92% |       56553      5.69%     61.61% |       73989      7.44%     69.05% |       74508      7.49%     76.54% |       80262      8.07%     84.62% |       77203      7.77%     92.38% |       41241      4.15%     96.53% |       34484      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       994120                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETS        |           8      7.34%      7.34% |           4      3.67%     11.01% |          15     13.76%     24.77% |           5      4.59%     29.36% |           9      8.26%     37.61% |          13     11.93%     49.54% |           4      3.67%     53.21% |           2      1.83%     55.05% |           2      1.83%     56.88% |           8      7.34%     64.22% |           3      2.75%     66.97% |           7      6.42%     73.39% |          11     10.09%     83.49% |           6      5.50%     88.99% |           5      4.59%     93.58% |           7      6.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Fwd_GETS::total          109                      

system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      479043      8.22%      8.22% |      282098      4.84%     13.06% |      379608      6.51%     19.58% |      369977      6.35%     25.93% |      394620      6.77%     32.70% |      400218      6.87%     39.56% |      399312      6.85%     46.42% |      346948      5.95%     52.37% |      278760      4.78%     57.15% |      323387      5.55%     62.70% |      395600      6.79%     69.49% |      386192      6.63%     76.12% |      417320      7.16%     83.28% |      379497      6.51%     89.79% |      297728      5.11%     94.90% |      296980      5.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      5827288                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETS            |     2494441     11.81%     11.81% |     1676284      7.94%     19.74% |     1583683      7.50%     27.24% |     1604757      7.60%     34.84% |     1442573      6.83%     41.67% |     1444833      6.84%     48.51% |     1537995      7.28%     55.79% |      603035      2.85%     58.64% |     1462416      6.92%     65.57% |     1022504      4.84%     70.41% |      969494      4.59%     75.00% |     1245416      5.90%     80.89% |     1249232      5.91%     86.81% |      771796      3.65%     90.46% |     1209026      5.72%     96.19% |      805847      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETS::total         21123332                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETX            |       66073     10.45%     10.45% |       34617      5.48%     15.93% |       24661      3.90%     19.83% |       27653      4.38%     24.21% |       19694      3.12%     27.32% |       33810      5.35%     32.67% |       21118      3.34%     36.01% |       38925      6.16%     42.17% |       41618      6.58%     48.76% |       39704      6.28%     55.04% |       57141      9.04%     64.08% |       59136      9.36%     73.44% |       40151      6.35%     79.79% |       59579      9.43%     89.21% |       44038      6.97%     96.18% |       24131      3.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_GETX::total           632049                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTO            |       99773     10.03%     10.03% |       94373      9.49%     19.52% |       76106      7.65%     27.17% |       88764      8.92%     36.09% |       62276      6.26%     42.35% |       57665      5.80%     48.15% |       79262      7.97%     56.11% |       23898      2.40%     58.52% |       67596      6.80%     65.31% |       53684      5.40%     70.71% |       36479      3.67%     74.38% |       55874      5.62%     79.99% |       59879      6.02%     86.01% |       46173      4.64%     90.65% |       52856      5.31%     95.97% |       40121      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTO::total           994779                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTX            |      462911      7.94%      7.94% |      283833      4.87%     12.81% |      418605      7.18%     20.00% |      344198      5.91%     25.90% |      421033      7.22%     33.13% |      286617      4.92%     38.05% |      481665      8.27%     46.31% |      197924      3.40%     49.71% |      455119      7.81%     57.52% |      331076      5.68%     63.20% |      372439      6.39%     69.59% |      342429      5.88%     75.47% |      490524      8.42%     83.88% |      278469      4.78%     88.66% |      403624      6.93%     95.59% |      257178      4.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTX::total          5827644                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS_only       |      115217      9.69%      9.69% |      105022      8.83%     18.53% |       89945      7.57%     26.09% |      105955      8.91%     35.01% |       75529      6.35%     41.36% |       67440      5.67%     47.03% |       89249      7.51%     54.54% |       33386      2.81%     57.35% |       77911      6.55%     63.91% |       75732      6.37%     70.28% |       45048      3.79%     74.07% |       65999      5.55%     79.62% |       70143      5.90%     85.52% |       56669      4.77%     90.29% |       65618      5.52%     95.81% |       49852      4.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS_only::total      1188715                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS            |     1219008      9.58%      9.58% |     1159116      9.11%     18.69% |     1007540      7.92%     26.61% |     1058096      8.32%     34.93% |      891356      7.01%     41.93% |      937301      7.37%     49.30% |      893458      7.02%     56.32% |      378997      2.98%     59.30% |      887597      6.98%     66.28% |      593846      4.67%     70.94% |      563530      4.43%     75.37% |      830495      6.53%     81.90% |      662879      5.21%     87.11% |      438273      3.44%     90.56% |      725987      5.71%     96.26% |      475608      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_PUTS::total         12723087                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.All_Acks           |        4196      6.42%      6.42% |        4159      6.36%     12.78% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.85% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.43% |        4116      6.29%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4052      6.20%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.All_Acks::total           65398                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data               |        4196      6.42%      6.42% |        4159      6.36%     12.77% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.84% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.42% |        4118      6.30%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4054      6.20%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data::total               65402                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data_Exclusive     |        1020      7.89%      7.89% |         644      4.98%     12.88% |         913      7.06%     19.94% |         696      5.39%     25.33% |         844      6.53%     31.86% |         647      5.01%     36.86% |         947      7.33%     44.19% |         656      5.08%     49.27% |        1018      7.88%     57.15% |         657      5.08%     62.23% |         925      7.16%     69.39% |         643      4.98%     74.36% |        1118      8.65%     83.01% |         668      5.17%     88.18% |         918      7.10%     95.29% |         609      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Data_Exclusive::total        12923                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBCLEANDATA     |       21121     14.11%     14.11% |        3665      2.45%     16.56% |       11777      7.87%     24.43% |        4644      3.10%     27.53% |       13717      9.16%     36.70% |        3939      2.63%     39.33% |       17042     11.39%     50.72% |        4200      2.81%     53.52% |       11330      7.57%     61.09% |        4265      2.85%     63.94% |       13071      8.73%     72.67% |        4697      3.14%     75.81% |       17833     11.92%     87.73% |        6054      4.04%     91.77% |        8926      5.96%     97.74% |        3387      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total       149668                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     |      541362      8.11%      8.11% |      374427      5.61%     13.73% |      482826      7.24%     20.96% |      428197      6.42%     27.38% |      469563      7.04%     34.42% |      340305      5.10%     39.52% |      543801      8.15%     47.67% |      217605      3.26%     50.93% |      511325      7.66%     58.60% |      380454      5.70%     64.30% |      395828      5.93%     70.23% |      393559      5.90%     76.13% |      532534      7.98%     84.11% |      318549      4.77%     88.89% |      447525      6.71%     95.60% |      293889      4.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total      6671749                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack      |        1439      7.76%      7.76% |        1036      5.59%     13.35% |        1269      6.84%     20.19% |        1050      5.66%     25.85% |        1215      6.55%     32.40% |         973      5.25%     37.65% |        1327      7.16%     44.80% |        1029      5.55%     50.35% |        1405      7.58%     57.93% |         997      5.38%     63.31% |        1285      6.93%     70.23% |         962      5.19%     75.42% |        1452      7.83%     83.25% |        1006      5.42%     88.68% |        1210      6.52%     95.20% |         890      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Writeback_Ack::total        18545                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Unblock            |     2685470      9.65%      9.65% |     2527595      9.08%     18.74% |     2192687      7.88%     26.62% |     2326292      8.36%     34.98% |     1931775      6.94%     41.92% |     2011041      7.23%     49.15% |     1962913      7.06%     56.21% |      824801      2.96%     59.17% |     1929153      6.93%     66.10% |     1337633      4.81%     70.91% |     1216301      4.37%     75.28% |     1790588      6.44%     81.72% |     1464680      5.26%     86.98% |      989798      3.56%     90.54% |     1581478      5.68%     96.23% |     1050080      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Unblock::total         27822285                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock  |      584934      8.42%      8.42% |      390015      5.61%     14.03% |      502329      7.23%     21.26% |      443693      6.39%     27.65% |      490802      7.06%     34.71% |      353508      5.09%     39.80% |      568751      8.19%     47.98% |      227557      3.27%     51.26% |      529610      7.62%     58.88% |      389674      5.61%     64.49% |      415190      5.98%     70.46% |      403855      5.81%     76.27% |      555048      7.99%     84.26% |      330782      4.76%     89.02% |      460555      6.63%     95.65% |      302339      4.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock::total      6948642                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2_Replacement     |        1440      7.76%      7.76% |        1036      5.58%     13.35% |        1269      6.84%     20.19% |        1050      5.66%     25.85% |        1215      6.55%     32.40% |         973      5.24%     37.64% |        1327      7.15%     44.79% |        1029      5.55%     50.34% |        1408      7.59%     57.93% |         997      5.37%     63.30% |        1285      6.93%     70.23% |         962      5.19%     75.42% |        1455      7.84%     83.26% |        1006      5.42%     88.68% |        1210      6.52%     95.20% |         890      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2_Replacement::total        18552                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETS         |        1020      7.89%      7.89% |         644      4.98%     12.87% |         913      7.06%     19.94% |         696      5.38%     25.32% |         844      6.53%     31.85% |         647      5.01%     36.85% |         947      7.33%     44.18% |         656      5.07%     49.25% |        1020      7.89%     57.14% |         657      5.08%     62.23% |         925      7.16%     69.38% |         643      4.97%     74.36% |        1120      8.66%     83.02% |         668      5.17%     88.19% |         918      7.10%     95.29% |         609      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETS::total         12927                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETX         |        4196      6.42%      6.42% |        4159      6.36%     12.78% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.85% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.43% |        4116      6.29%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4052      6.20%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.NP.L1_GETX::total         65398                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_GETS        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_GETS::total            3                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS_only   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS_only::total            5                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS        |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILS.L1_PUTS::total            4                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETS        |      119011     10.88%     10.88% |      103894      9.50%     20.38% |       82158      7.51%     27.89% |       97212      8.89%     36.77% |       68218      6.24%     43.01% |       64852      5.93%     48.94% |       85535      7.82%     56.76% |       28056      2.56%     59.32% |       72943      6.67%     65.99% |       57162      5.23%     71.22% |       41373      3.78%     75.00% |       59821      5.47%     80.47% |       63491      5.80%     86.27% |       50674      4.63%     90.90% |       55894      5.11%     96.01% |       43632      3.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETS::total      1093926                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETX        |        2557     13.43%     13.43% |        1795      9.43%     22.86% |        1053      5.53%     28.39% |        1788      9.39%     37.78% |        1041      5.47%     43.25% |        1553      8.16%     51.40% |        1094      5.75%     57.15% |        1051      5.52%     62.67% |        1023      5.37%     68.04% |         936      4.92%     72.96% |         869      4.56%     77.52% |        1115      5.86%     83.38% |         522      2.74%     86.12% |        1126      5.91%     92.03% |         514      2.70%     94.73% |        1003      5.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_GETX::total        19040                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTX        |      462848      7.94%      7.94% |      283789      4.87%     12.81% |      418578      7.18%     20.00% |      344157      5.91%     25.90% |      421021      7.22%     33.13% |      286603      4.92%     38.05% |      481628      8.27%     46.31% |      197918      3.40%     49.71% |      455109      7.81%     57.52% |      331059      5.68%     63.20% |      372425      6.39%     69.59% |      342416      5.88%     75.46% |      490505      8.42%     83.88% |      278450      4.78%     88.66% |      403614      6.93%     95.59% |      257168      4.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILX.L1_PUTX::total      5827288                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETS       |       15582      7.98%      7.98% |       10725      5.49%     13.48% |       14083      7.21%     20.69% |       17292      8.86%     29.55% |       13349      6.84%     36.39% |        9901      5.07%     41.46% |       10074      5.16%     46.62% |        9580      4.91%     51.53% |       10450      5.35%     56.88% |       22071     11.31%     68.19% |        8680      4.45%     72.64% |       10164      5.21%     77.84% |       10062      5.15%     83.00% |       10600      5.43%     88.43% |       12808      6.56%     94.99% |        9778      5.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETS::total       195199                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETX       |          17      8.81%      8.81% |           1      0.52%      9.33% |          23     11.92%     21.24% |           2      1.04%     22.28% |          22     11.40%     33.68% |           6      3.11%     36.79% |          21     10.88%     47.67% |           1      0.52%     48.19% |          25     12.95%     61.14% |           1      0.52%     61.66% |          18      9.33%     70.98% |           5      2.59%     73.58% |          22     11.40%     84.97% |           3      1.55%     86.53% |          26     13.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_GETX::total          193                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_PUTO       |       13405      8.43%      8.43% |       11670      7.34%     15.77% |       12336      7.76%     23.52% |       12781      8.04%     31.56% |       10761      6.77%     38.32% |        8929      5.61%     43.94% |       12935      8.13%     52.07% |        4633      2.91%     54.98% |       10478      6.59%     61.57% |       10126      6.37%     67.94% |        6354      3.99%     71.93% |        8552      5.38%     77.31% |       10727      6.74%     84.05% |        8477      5.33%     89.38% |        9726      6.11%     95.50% |        7163      4.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOX.L1_PUTO::total       159053                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETS      |      130348     16.40%     16.40% |       81551     10.26%     26.67% |       59737      7.52%     34.18% |       81551     10.26%     44.45% |       39712      5.00%     49.44% |       42054      5.29%     54.74% |       54416      6.85%     61.58% |       20268      2.55%     64.13% |       45018      5.67%     69.80% |       61488      7.74%     77.54% |       21489      2.70%     80.24% |       36154      4.55%     84.79% |       31982      4.02%     88.82% |       31911      4.02%     92.83% |       32294      4.06%     96.90% |       24671      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETS::total       794644                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETX      |        5194     36.53%     36.53% |        1730     12.17%     48.70% |         701      4.93%     53.63% |        1167      8.21%     61.84% |         528      3.71%     65.55% |        1051      7.39%     72.94% |         726      5.11%     78.05% |         209      1.47%     79.52% |         684      4.81%     84.33% |         191      1.34%     85.67% |         466      3.28%     88.95% |         326      2.29%     91.24% |         338      2.38%     93.62% |         448      3.15%     96.77% |         228      1.60%     98.38% |         231      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_GETX::total        14218                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTO      |       86209     10.32%     10.32% |       82619      9.89%     20.22% |       63681      7.63%     27.85% |       75891      9.09%     36.94% |       51494      6.17%     43.10% |       48708      5.83%     48.94% |       66268      7.94%     56.87% |       19252      2.31%     59.18% |       57062      6.83%     66.01% |       43529      5.21%     71.23% |       30116      3.61%     74.83% |       47283      5.66%     80.50% |       49126      5.88%     86.38% |       37670      4.51%     90.89% |       43108      5.16%     96.05% |       32942      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTO::total       834958                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTX      |          20     18.35%     18.35% |          13     11.93%     30.28% |           8      7.34%     37.61% |          12     11.01%     48.62% |           4      3.67%     52.29% |           4      3.67%     55.96% |          12     11.01%     66.97% |           2      1.83%     68.81% |           3      2.75%     71.56% |           5      4.59%     76.15% |           4      3.67%     79.82% |           4      3.67%     83.49% |           6      5.50%     88.99% |           6      5.50%     94.50% |           3      2.75%     97.25% |           3      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTX::total          109                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only |       29004      8.18%      8.18% |       22396      6.32%     14.50% |       26442      7.46%     21.96% |       30075      8.48%     30.45% |       24132      6.81%     37.25% |       18836      5.31%     42.57% |       23031      6.50%     49.07% |       14214      4.01%     53.08% |       20953      5.91%     58.99% |       32198      9.08%     68.07% |       15053      4.25%     72.32% |       18728      5.28%     77.60% |       20811      5.87%     83.47% |       19080      5.38%     88.86% |       22560      6.36%     95.22% |       16941      4.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only::total       354454                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS      |       45188     12.21%     12.21% |       29821      8.06%     20.27% |       27638      7.47%     27.74% |       39008     10.54%     38.28% |       19491      5.27%     43.54% |       19477      5.26%     48.81% |       24068      6.50%     55.31% |       13823      3.74%     59.05% |       20384      5.51%     64.55% |       45325     12.25%     76.80% |       10075      2.72%     79.52% |       15416      4.17%     83.69% |       14601      3.95%     87.63% |       15891      4.29%     91.93% |       16041      4.33%     96.26% |       13830      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSX.L1_PUTS::total       370077                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L1_GETS          |           3      1.03%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           1      0.34%      1.38% |           0      0.00%      1.38% |           0      0.00%      1.38% |           2      0.69%      2.07% |         284     97.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L1_GETS::total            290                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L2_Replacement   |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           3     42.86%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.S.L2_Replacement::total            7                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETS       |     1103685      9.25%      9.25% |     1077763      9.03%     18.28% |      946929      7.93%     26.21% |      975715      8.17%     34.38% |      850659      7.13%     41.51% |      897711      7.52%     49.03% |      837697      7.02%     56.05% |      358844      3.01%     59.05% |      841567      7.05%     66.10% |      531712      4.45%     70.56% |      541618      4.54%     75.10% |      793200      6.65%     81.74% |      629828      5.28%     87.02% |      406387      3.40%     90.42% |      692836      5.80%     96.23% |      450560      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETS::total     11936711                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETX       |         121      7.67%      7.67% |          61      3.87%     11.53% |         213     13.50%     25.03% |          65      4.12%     29.15% |         118      7.48%     36.63% |         132      8.37%     44.99% |          85      5.39%     50.38% |          84      5.32%     55.70% |         126      7.98%     63.69% |          46      2.92%     66.60% |         143      9.06%     75.67% |          48      3.04%     78.71% |         102      6.46%     85.17% |         107      6.78%     91.95% |          76      4.82%     96.77% |          51      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_GETX::total         1578                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only  |       86105     10.33%     10.33% |       82569      9.91%     20.24% |       63475      7.62%     27.85% |       75837      9.10%     36.95% |       51380      6.16%     43.12% |       48578      5.83%     48.95% |       66192      7.94%     56.89% |       19169      2.30%     59.19% |       56936      6.83%     66.02% |       43486      5.22%     71.24% |       29975      3.60%     74.83% |       47235      5.67%     80.50% |       49029      5.88%     86.38% |       37567      4.51%     90.89% |       43034      5.16%     96.05% |       32893      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only::total       833460                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS       |     1170687      9.50%      9.50% |     1126721      9.14%     18.64% |      977619      7.93%     26.57% |     1016946      8.25%     34.82% |      870230      7.06%     41.88% |      915769      7.43%     49.30% |      867455      7.04%     56.34% |      364791      2.96%     59.30% |      865424      7.02%     66.32% |      547486      4.44%     70.76% |      552435      4.48%     75.24% |      813462      6.60%     81.84% |      646839      5.25%     87.09% |      421743      3.42%     90.51% |      708799      5.75%     96.26% |      461054      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L1_PUTS::total     12327460                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L2_Replacement |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSX.L2_Replacement::total            5                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_GETS        |           1      0.22%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |          74     16.52%     16.74% |           0      0.00%     16.74% |           0      0.00%     16.74% |          14      3.12%     19.87% |         359     80.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_GETS::total          448                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_PUTS_only   |           4      1.36%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           2      0.68%      2.04% |           0      0.00%      2.04% |           0      0.00%      2.04% |           3      1.02%      3.06% |         285     96.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_PUTS_only::total          294                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_PUTS        |           1      0.22%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |          74     16.52%     16.74% |           0      0.00%     16.74% |           0      0.00%     16.74% |          14      3.12%     19.87% |         359     80.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLS.L1_PUTS::total          448                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETS          |      539470      8.61%      8.61% |      348718      5.57%     14.18% |      471462      7.53%     21.70% |      408939      6.53%     28.23% |      464950      7.42%     35.65% |      319257      5.10%     40.75% |      541462      8.64%     49.39% |      184078      2.94%     52.33% |      482612      7.70%     60.03% |      346076      5.52%     65.56% |      352838      5.63%     71.19% |      340580      5.44%     76.62% |      510560      8.15%     84.77% |      266719      4.26%     89.03% |      412815      6.59%     95.62% |      274466      4.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETS::total        6265002                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETX          |       18210      3.75%      3.75% |       25062      5.17%      8.92% |       18460      3.80%     12.72% |       19587      4.04%     16.76% |       13791      2.84%     19.60% |       20656      4.26%     23.86% |       14737      3.04%     26.90% |       33432      6.89%     33.79% |       35330      7.28%     41.07% |       34409      7.09%     48.16% |       51461     10.61%     58.77% |       53481     11.02%     69.80% |       35081      7.23%     77.03% |       53610     11.05%     88.08% |       39181      8.08%     96.15% |       18669      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L1_GETX::total         485157                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L2_Replacement   |        1438      7.76%      7.76% |        1035      5.58%     13.34% |        1269      6.84%     20.18% |        1050      5.66%     25.85% |        1215      6.55%     32.40% |         973      5.25%     37.65% |        1327      7.16%     44.81% |        1029      5.55%     50.36% |        1404      7.57%     57.93% |         997      5.38%     63.31% |        1285      6.93%     70.24% |         961      5.18%     75.42% |        1451      7.83%     83.25% |        1006      5.43%     88.67% |        1210      6.53%     95.20% |         890      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.M.L2_Replacement::total        18540                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_GETS      |          20     25.32%     25.32% |          12     15.19%     40.51% |           4      5.06%     45.57% |           5      6.33%     51.90% |           1      1.27%     53.16% |           3      3.80%     56.96% |           3      3.80%     60.76% |           0      0.00%     60.76% |           6      7.59%     68.35% |           7      8.86%     77.22% |           5      6.33%     83.54% |           0      0.00%     83.54% |           6      7.59%     91.14% |           3      3.80%     94.94% |           2      2.53%     97.47% |           2      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_GETS::total           79                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_PUTO      |          32     23.19%     23.19% |          13      9.42%     32.61% |          10      7.25%     39.86% |          15     10.87%     50.72% |           5      3.62%     54.35% |           4      2.90%     57.25% |           3      2.17%     59.42% |           5      3.62%     63.04% |          15     10.87%     73.91% |          12      8.70%     82.61% |           3      2.17%     84.78% |           9      6.52%     91.30% |           5      3.62%     94.93% |           3      2.17%     97.10% |           3      2.17%     99.28% |           1      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_PUTO::total          138                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |         446     20.01%     20.01% |          17      0.76%     20.77% |          68      3.05%     23.82% |          13      0.58%     24.41% |         318     14.27%     38.67% |           6      0.27%     38.94% |         357     16.02%     54.96% |          22      0.99%     55.94% |         157      7.04%     62.99% |           3      0.13%     63.12% |         230     10.32%     73.44% |          46      2.06%     75.50% |         408     18.30%     93.81% |          78      3.50%     97.31% |          58      2.60%     99.91% |           2      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total         2229                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |       12959      8.26%      8.26% |       11653      7.43%     15.69% |       12268      7.82%     23.52% |       12768      8.14%     31.66% |       10443      6.66%     38.32% |        8923      5.69%     44.01% |       12578      8.02%     52.03% |        4611      2.94%     54.97% |       10321      6.58%     61.55% |       10123      6.46%     68.00% |        6124      3.91%     71.91% |        8506      5.42%     77.33% |       10319      6.58%     83.91% |        8399      5.36%     89.27% |        9668      6.16%     95.43% |        7161      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total       156824                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.Unblock      |       29004      8.18%      8.18% |       22396      6.32%     14.50% |       26442      7.46%     21.96% |       30075      8.48%     30.45% |       24132      6.81%     37.25% |       18836      5.31%     42.57% |       23031      6.50%     49.07% |       14214      4.01%     53.08% |       20953      5.91%     58.99% |       32198      9.08%     68.07% |       15053      4.25%     72.32% |       18728      5.28%     77.60% |       20811      5.87%     83.47% |       19080      5.38%     88.86% |       22560      6.36%     95.22% |       16941      4.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOXW.Unblock::total       354454                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETS     |         123     26.74%     26.74% |          49     10.65%     37.39% |          60     13.04%     50.43% |          36      7.83%     58.26% |          18      3.91%     62.17% |          20      4.35%     66.52% |          32      6.96%     73.48% |           3      0.65%     74.13% |          28      6.09%     80.22% |          52     11.30%     91.52% |           2      0.43%     91.96% |           4      0.87%     92.83% |           7      1.52%     94.35% |          18      3.91%     98.26% |           3      0.65%     98.91% |           5      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETS::total          460                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETX     |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_GETX::total            6                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTO     |          34     20.61%     20.61% |          16      9.70%     30.30% |          17     10.30%     40.61% |          21     12.73%     53.33% |           4      2.42%     55.76% |          11      6.67%     62.42% |          17     10.30%     72.73% |           1      0.61%     73.33% |          11      6.67%     80.00% |           6      3.64%     83.64% |           0      0.00%     83.64% |           7      4.24%     87.88% |           8      4.85%     92.73% |           2      1.21%     93.94% |           6      3.64%     97.58% |           4      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTO::total          165                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only |          17     19.10%     19.10% |           5      5.62%     24.72% |           0      0.00%     24.72% |           5      5.62%     30.34% |           3      3.37%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           4      4.49%     40.45% |           2      2.25%     42.70% |           3      3.37%     46.07% |          10     11.24%     57.30% |           2      2.25%     59.55% |          14     15.73%     75.28% |           2      2.25%     77.53% |           8      8.99%     86.52% |           4      4.49%     91.01% |           8      8.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only::total           89                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS     |          82     20.60%     20.60% |          44     11.06%     31.66% |          37      9.30%     40.95% |          26      6.53%     47.49% |          12      3.02%     50.50% |          31      7.79%     58.29% |          23      5.78%     64.07% |           0      0.00%     64.07% |          20      5.03%     69.10% |          53     13.32%     82.41% |          10      2.51%     84.92% |           8      2.01%     86.93% |           9      2.26%     89.20% |          18      4.52%     93.72% |          13      3.27%     96.98% |          12      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS::total          398                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |        3222     30.52%     30.52% |          53      0.50%     31.03% |         205      1.94%     32.97% |          51      0.48%     33.45% |        1480     14.02%     47.47% |          22      0.21%     47.68% |        1499     14.20%     61.88% |         142      1.35%     63.22% |         572      5.42%     68.64% |          29      0.27%     68.92% |         907      8.59%     77.51% |         339      3.21%     80.72% |        1531     14.50%     95.23% |         322      3.05%     98.28% |         152      1.44%     99.72% |          30      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total        10556                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |       83007     10.07%     10.07% |       82579     10.02%     20.08% |       63484      7.70%     27.78% |       75852      9.20%     36.98% |       50018      6.07%     43.05% |       48690      5.91%     48.95% |       64781      7.86%     56.81% |       19112      2.32%     59.13% |       56493      6.85%     65.98% |       43505      5.28%     71.26% |       29213      3.54%     74.80% |       46948      5.69%     80.49% |       47601      5.77%     86.27% |       37354      4.53%     90.80% |       42959      5.21%     96.01% |       32915      3.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total       824511                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.Unblock     |       45188     12.21%     12.21% |       29821      8.06%     20.27% |       27638      7.47%     27.74% |       39008     10.54%     38.28% |       19491      5.27%     43.54% |       19477      5.26%     48.81% |       24068      6.50%     55.31% |       13823      3.74%     59.05% |       20384      5.51%     64.55% |       45325     12.25%     76.80% |       10075      2.72%     79.52% |       15416      4.17%     83.69% |       14601      3.95%     87.63% |       15891      4.29%     91.93% |       16041      4.33%     96.26% |       13830      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILOSXW.Unblock::total       370077                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSW.Unblock       |           1      0.22%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |          74     16.52%     16.74% |           0      0.00%     16.74% |           0      0.00%     16.74% |          14      3.12%     19.87% |         359     80.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSW.Unblock::total          448                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total            4                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total            5                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SW.Unblock         |           4      1.36%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           0      0.00%      1.36% |           2      0.68%      2.04% |           0      0.00%      2.04% |           0      0.00%      2.04% |           3      1.02%      3.06% |         285     96.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SW.Unblock::total           294                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.L1_GETS        |          74     19.63%     19.63% |          51     13.53%     33.16% |          33      8.75%     41.91% |          42     11.14%     53.05% |          19      5.04%     58.09% |          15      3.98%     62.07% |          19      5.04%     67.11% |           5      1.33%     68.44% |          29      7.69%     76.13% |           8      2.12%     78.25% |           4      1.06%     79.31% |          20      5.31%     84.62% |          25      6.63%     91.25% |          11      2.92%     94.16% |          19      5.04%     99.20% |           3      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.L1_GETS::total          377                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.Unblock        |       86105     10.33%     10.33% |       82569      9.91%     20.24% |       63475      7.62%     27.85% |       75837      9.10%     36.95% |       51380      6.16%     43.12% |       48578      5.83%     48.95% |       66192      7.94%     56.89% |       19169      2.30%     59.19% |       56936      6.83%     66.02% |       43486      5.22%     71.24% |       29975      3.60%     74.83% |       47235      5.67%     80.50% |       49029      5.88%     86.38% |       37567      4.51%     90.89% |       43034      5.16%     96.05% |       32893      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OXW.Unblock::total       833460                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_GETS      |        1616     12.38%     12.38% |        1425     10.92%     23.30% |        1258      9.64%     32.93% |        1165      8.93%     41.86% |         895      6.86%     48.72% |        1092      8.37%     57.08% |         893      6.84%     63.92% |         218      1.67%     65.59% |         857      6.57%     72.16% |         512      3.92%     76.08% |         546      4.18%     80.27% |         781      5.98%     86.25% |         585      4.48%     90.73% |         287      2.20%     92.93% |         539      4.13%     97.06% |         384      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_GETS::total        13053                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_GETX      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_GETX::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_PUTS      |        1654     11.75%     11.75% |        1424     10.12%     21.87% |        1198      8.51%     30.38% |        1207      8.58%     38.96% |         930      6.61%     45.57% |        1115      7.92%     53.49% |        1093      7.77%     61.26% |         221      1.57%     62.83% |         960      6.82%     69.65% |         555      3.94%     73.59% |         647      4.60%     78.19% |         925      6.57%     84.77% |         642      4.56%     89.33% |         364      2.59%     91.91% |         707      5.02%     96.94% |         431      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.L1_PUTS::total        14073                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.Unblock      |     1170687      9.50%      9.50% |     1126721      9.14%     18.64% |      977619      7.93%     26.57% |     1016946      8.25%     34.82% |      870230      7.06%     41.88% |      915769      7.43%     49.30% |      867455      7.04%     56.34% |      364791      2.96%     59.30% |      865424      7.02%     66.32% |      547486      4.44%     70.76% |      552435      4.48%     75.24% |      813462      6.60%     81.84% |      646839      5.25%     87.09% |      421743      3.42%     90.51% |      708799      5.75%     96.26% |      461054      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXW.Unblock::total     12327460                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETS       |          29     17.37%     17.37% |          24     14.37%     31.74% |           8      4.79%     36.53% |          23     13.77%     50.30% |           7      4.19%     54.49% |           7      4.19%     58.68% |           9      5.39%     64.07% |           0      0.00%     64.07% |          14      8.38%     72.46% |          14      8.38%     80.84% |           5      2.99%     83.83% |          10      5.99%     89.82% |           8      4.79%     94.61% |           2      1.20%     95.81% |           3      1.80%     97.60% |           4      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETS::total          167                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETX       |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_GETX::total            4                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |       17452     12.75%     12.75% |        3594      2.63%     15.38% |       11504      8.40%     23.78% |        4580      3.35%     27.13% |       11919      8.71%     35.84% |        3911      2.86%     38.69% |       15186     11.09%     49.79% |        4036      2.95%     52.74% |       10598      7.74%     60.48% |        4233      3.09%     63.57% |       11934      8.72%     72.29% |        4311      3.15%     75.44% |       15891     11.61%     87.05% |        5654      4.13%     91.18% |        8716      6.37%     97.55% |        3355      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total       136874                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |      445396      7.83%      7.83% |      280195      4.92%     12.75% |      407074      7.15%     19.90% |      339577      5.97%     25.87% |      409102      7.19%     33.06% |      282692      4.97%     38.03% |      466442      8.20%     46.23% |      193882      3.41%     49.63% |      444511      7.81%     57.45% |      326826      5.74%     63.19% |      360491      6.34%     69.52% |      338105      5.94%     75.47% |      474614      8.34%     83.81% |      272796      4.79%     88.60% |      394898      6.94%     95.54% |      253813      4.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total      5690414                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLS.Unblock       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLS.Unblock::total            3                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.L1_GETS      |          12     24.49%     24.49% |           3      6.12%     30.61% |          14     28.57%     59.18% |           1      2.04%     61.22% |           0      0.00%     61.22% |           1      2.04%     63.27% |           0      0.00%     63.27% |           0      0.00%     63.27% |           1      2.04%     65.31% |          10     20.41%     85.71% |           2      4.08%     89.80% |           2      4.08%     93.88% |           0      0.00%     93.88% |           0      0.00%     93.88% |           0      0.00%     93.88% |           3      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.L1_GETS::total           49                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.L1_PUTO      |           5     13.51%     13.51% |           4     10.81%     24.32% |           2      5.41%     29.73% |           3      8.11%     37.84% |           2      5.41%     43.24% |           4     10.81%     54.05% |           2      5.41%     59.46% |           0      0.00%     59.46% |           5     13.51%     72.97% |           3      8.11%     81.08% |           2      5.41%     86.49% |           1      2.70%     89.19% |           0      0.00%     89.19% |           0      0.00%     89.19% |           2      5.41%     94.59% |           2      5.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.L1_PUTO::total           37                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Unblock      |       15582      7.98%      7.98% |       10725      5.49%     13.48% |       14083      7.21%     20.69% |       17292      8.86%     29.55% |       13349      6.84%     36.39% |        9901      5.07%     41.46% |       10074      5.16%     46.62% |        9580      4.91%     51.53% |       10450      5.35%     56.88% |       22071     11.31%     68.19% |        8680      4.45%     72.64% |       10164      5.21%     77.84% |       10062      5.15%     83.00% |       10600      5.43%     88.43% |       12808      6.56%     94.99% |        9778      5.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Unblock::total       195199                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock |         121      7.67%      7.67% |          61      3.87%     11.53% |         213     13.50%     25.03% |          65      4.12%     29.15% |         118      7.48%     36.63% |         132      8.37%     44.99% |          85      5.39%     50.38% |          84      5.32%     55.70% |         126      7.98%     63.69% |          46      2.92%     66.60% |         143      9.06%     75.67% |          48      3.04%     78.71% |         102      6.46%     85.17% |         107      6.78%     91.95% |          76      4.82%     96.77% |          51      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1578                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETS     |      390875     71.78%     71.78% |       40329      7.41%     79.19% |        5274      0.97%     80.15% |       18562      3.41%     83.56% |        2677      0.49%     84.05% |       61505     11.29%     95.35% |        5547      1.02%     96.37% |         946      0.17%     96.54% |        6064      1.11%     97.66% |        1900      0.35%     98.00% |        1391      0.26%     98.26% |        3151      0.58%     98.84% |         595      0.11%     98.95% |        3829      0.70%     99.65% |         568      0.10%     99.75% |        1335      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETS::total       544548                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETX     |       17420     76.92%     76.92% |         977      4.31%     81.23% |          89      0.39%     81.62% |         575      2.54%     84.16% |          63      0.28%     84.44% |        2509     11.08%     95.52% |         236      1.04%     96.56% |          39      0.17%     96.73% |         193      0.85%     97.58% |          53      0.23%     97.82% |          94      0.42%     98.23% |          94      0.42%     98.65% |          33      0.15%     98.79% |         157      0.69%     99.49% |           4      0.02%     99.51% |         112      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_GETX::total        22648                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTO     |           8     14.04%     14.04% |           8     14.04%     28.07% |           6     10.53%     38.60% |           5      8.77%     47.37% |           2      3.51%     50.88% |           1      1.75%     52.63% |           2      3.51%     56.14% |           0      0.00%     56.14% |           5      8.77%     64.91% |           2      3.51%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           5      8.77%     77.19% |           4      7.02%     84.21% |           6     10.53%     94.74% |           3      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTO::total           57                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX     |          43     17.41%     17.41% |          31     12.55%     29.96% |          19      7.69%     37.65% |          29     11.74%     49.39% |           8      3.24%     52.63% |          10      4.05%     56.68% |          25     10.12%     66.80% |           4      1.62%     68.42% |           7      2.83%     71.26% |          12      4.86%     76.11% |          10      4.05%     80.16% |           9      3.64%     83.81% |          13      5.26%     89.07% |          13      5.26%     94.33% |           7      2.83%     97.17% |           7      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX::total          247                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Unblock     |      104862     10.39%     10.39% |       96049      9.52%     19.92% |       76764      7.61%     27.53% |       89868      8.91%     36.43% |       62822      6.23%     42.66% |       58715      5.82%     48.48% |       79980      7.93%     56.41% |       24112      2.39%     58.80% |       68267      6.77%     65.57% |       53867      5.34%     70.91% |       36976      3.67%     74.57% |       56195      5.57%     80.14% |       60238      5.97%     86.11% |       46619      4.62%     90.74% |       53106      5.26%     96.00% |       40353      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Unblock::total      1008793                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock |       16723     16.02%     16.02% |        9641      9.24%     25.26% |        6470      6.20%     31.46% |        9134      8.75%     40.21% |        6459      6.19%     46.40% |        7696      7.37%     53.78% |        6670      6.39%     60.17% |        4996      4.79%     64.95% |        5724      5.48%     70.44% |        4232      4.05%     74.49% |        5284      5.06%     79.56% |        4746      4.55%     84.10% |        3797      3.64%     87.74% |        5184      4.97%     92.71% |        3328      3.19%     95.90% |        4282      4.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock::total       104366                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETS     |      153257     74.31%     74.31% |        6558      3.18%     77.49% |         635      0.31%     77.80% |        1062      0.51%     78.32% |         673      0.33%     78.64% |       41774     20.26%     98.90% |         380      0.18%     99.08% |         186      0.09%     99.17% |         603      0.29%     99.47% |         395      0.19%     99.66% |         199      0.10%     99.76% |         157      0.08%     99.83% |          82      0.04%     99.87% |          93      0.05%     99.92% |          87      0.04%     99.96% |          86      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETS::total       206227                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETX     |       15502     76.91%     76.91% |         659      3.27%     80.18% |           8      0.04%     80.22% |         270      1.34%     81.56% |           9      0.04%     81.60% |        3484     17.29%     98.89% |          41      0.20%     99.09% |           0      0.00%     99.09% |          87      0.43%     99.52% |           2      0.01%     99.53% |           7      0.03%     99.57% |          24      0.12%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |          47      0.23%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |          16      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_GETX::total        20156                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTO     |          80     21.56%     21.56% |          43     11.59%     33.15% |          54     14.56%     47.71% |          48     12.94%     60.65% |           8      2.16%     62.80% |           8      2.16%     64.96% |          35      9.43%     74.39% |           7      1.89%     76.28% |          20      5.39%     81.67% |           6      1.62%     83.29% |           4      1.08%     84.37% |          17      4.58%     88.95% |           9      2.43%     91.37% |          15      4.04%     95.42% |           8      2.16%     97.57% |           9      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTO::total          371                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS_only |          26     26.53%     26.53% |          10     10.20%     36.73% |           2      2.04%     38.78% |           8      8.16%     46.94% |           1      1.02%     47.96% |           7      7.14%     55.10% |           2      2.04%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           4      4.08%     61.22% |          19     19.39%     80.61% |           7      7.14%     87.76% |           0      0.00%     87.76% |           1      1.02%     88.78% |           3      3.06%     91.84% |           5      5.10%     96.94% |           3      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS_only::total           98                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS     |          81     24.77%     24.77% |          26      7.95%     32.72% |          50     15.29%     48.01% |          19      5.81%     53.82% |          14      4.28%     58.10% |          15      4.59%     62.69% |          27      8.26%     70.95% |           0      0.00%     70.95% |           8      2.45%     73.39% |          58     17.74%     91.13% |           4      1.22%     92.35% |           4      1.22%     93.58% |           6      1.83%     95.41% |           6      1.83%     97.25% |           7      2.14%     99.39% |           2      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS::total          327                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.Unblock     |      130348     16.40%     16.40% |       81551     10.26%     26.67% |       59737      7.52%     34.18% |       81551     10.26%     44.45% |       39712      5.00%     49.44% |       42054      5.29%     54.74% |       54416      6.85%     61.58% |       20268      2.55%     64.13% |       45018      5.67%     69.80% |       61488      7.74%     77.54% |       21489      2.70%     80.24% |       36154      4.55%     84.79% |       31982      4.02%     88.82% |       31911      4.02%     92.83% |       32294      4.06%     96.90% |       24671      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLOSX.Unblock::total       794644                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETS      |       38772     70.77%     70.77% |        4204      7.67%     78.45% |         558      1.02%     79.46% |        2055      3.75%     83.22% |         392      0.72%     83.93% |        5546     10.12%     94.05% |         718      1.31%     95.37% |         128      0.23%     95.60% |         758      1.38%     96.98% |         221      0.40%     97.39% |         219      0.40%     97.79% |         397      0.72%     98.51% |          70      0.13%     98.64% |         507      0.93%     99.56% |          62      0.11%     99.68% |         177      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETS::total        54784                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETX      |        2847     78.02%     78.02% |         173      4.74%     82.76% |           3      0.08%     82.84% |          93      2.55%     85.39% |           9      0.25%     85.64% |         350      9.59%     95.23% |          54      1.48%     96.71% |           7      0.19%     96.90% |          34      0.93%     97.84% |           3      0.08%     97.92% |          10      0.27%     98.19% |          12      0.33%     98.52% |           1      0.03%     98.55% |          35      0.96%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |          18      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.L1_GETX::total         3649                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock |        5194     36.53%     36.53% |        1730     12.17%     48.70% |         701      4.93%     53.63% |        1167      8.21%     61.84% |         528      3.71%     65.55% |        1051      7.39%     72.94% |         726      5.11%     78.05% |         209      1.47%     79.52% |         684      4.81%     84.33% |         191      1.34%     85.67% |         466      3.28%     88.95% |         326      2.29%     91.24% |         338      2.38%     93.62% |         448      3.15%     96.77% |         228      1.60%     98.38% |         231      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock::total        14218                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.L1_GETS        |          13      5.58%      5.58% |          25     10.73%     16.31% |          11      4.72%     21.03% |          11      4.72%     25.75% |          12      5.15%     30.90% |          23      9.87%     40.77% |          17      7.30%     48.07% |          23      9.87%     57.94% |          25     10.73%     68.67% |           9      3.86%     72.53% |          15      6.44%     78.97% |          11      4.72%     83.69% |          11      4.72%     88.41% |           3      1.29%     89.70% |          14      6.01%     95.71% |          10      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.L1_GETS::total          233                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data::total               4                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data_Exclusive |        1020      7.89%      7.89% |         644      4.98%     12.88% |         913      7.06%     19.94% |         696      5.39%     25.33% |         844      6.53%     31.86% |         647      5.01%     36.86% |         947      7.33%     44.19% |         656      5.08%     49.27% |        1018      7.88%     57.15% |         657      5.08%     62.23% |         925      7.16%     69.39% |         643      4.98%     74.36% |        1118      8.65%     83.01% |         668      5.17%     88.18% |         918      7.10%     95.29% |         609      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Data_Exclusive::total        12923                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Unblock        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Unblock::total            4                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Exclusive_Unblock |        1020      7.89%      7.89% |         644      4.98%     12.88% |         913      7.06%     19.94% |         696      5.39%     25.33% |         844      6.53%     31.86% |         647      5.01%     36.86% |         947      7.33%     44.19% |         656      5.08%     49.27% |        1018      7.88%     57.15% |         657      5.08%     62.23% |         925      7.16%     69.39% |         643      4.98%     74.36% |        1118      8.65%     83.01% |         668      5.17%     88.18% |         918      7.10%     95.29% |         609      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGS.Exclusive_Unblock::total        12923                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.Data           |        4196      6.42%      6.42% |        4159      6.36%     12.78% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.85% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.43% |        4116      6.29%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4052      6.20%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGM.Data::total           65398                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.All_Acks      |        4196      6.42%      6.42% |        4159      6.36%     12.78% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.85% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.43% |        4116      6.29%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4052      6.20%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.All_Acks::total        65398                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock |        4196      6.42%      6.42% |        4159      6.36%     12.78% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.85% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.43% |        4116      6.29%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4052      6.20%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock::total        65398                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.L1_GETS         |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.L1_GETS::total             1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       18210      3.75%      3.75% |       25062      5.17%      8.92% |       18460      3.80%     12.72% |       19587      4.04%     16.76% |       13791      2.84%     19.60% |       20656      4.26%     23.86% |       14737      3.04%     26.90% |       33432      6.89%     33.79% |       35330      7.28%     41.07% |       34409      7.09%     48.16% |       51461     10.61%     58.77% |       53481     11.02%     69.80% |       35081      7.23%     77.03% |       53610     11.05%     88.08% |       39181      8.08%     96.15% |       18669      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       485157                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SS.Unblock         |           3      1.03%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           1      0.34%      1.38% |           0      0.00%      1.38% |           0      0.00%      1.38% |           2      0.69%      2.07% |         284     97.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SS.Unblock::total           290                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.L1_GETS         |          48     28.07%     28.07% |           8      4.68%     32.75% |          24     14.04%     46.78% |          14      8.19%     54.97% |           4      2.34%     57.31% |           8      4.68%     61.99% |          10      5.85%     67.84% |           2      1.17%     69.01% |          10      5.85%     74.85% |           9      5.26%     80.12% |           2      1.17%     81.29% |          12      7.02%     88.30% |           6      3.51%     91.81% |           5      2.92%     94.74% |           9      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.L1_GETS::total           171                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.Exclusive_Unblock |      539470      8.61%      8.61% |      348718      5.57%     14.18% |      471462      7.53%     21.70% |      408939      6.53%     28.23% |      464950      7.42%     35.65% |      319257      5.10%     40.75% |      541462      8.64%     49.39% |      184078      2.94%     52.33% |      482612      7.70%     60.03% |      346076      5.52%     65.56% |      352838      5.63%     71.19% |      340580      5.44%     76.62% |      510560      8.15%     84.77% |      266719      4.26%     89.03% |      412815      6.59%     95.62% |      274466      4.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OO.Exclusive_Unblock::total      6265002                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_GETS      |         481     11.94%     11.94% |         301      7.47%     19.40% |         522     12.95%     32.36% |         376      9.33%     41.69% |         141      3.50%     45.19% |         417     10.35%     55.53% |         236      5.86%     61.39% |          42      1.04%     62.43% |         334      8.29%     70.72% |         201      4.99%     75.71% |         181      4.49%     80.20% |         292      7.25%     87.44% |         150      3.72%     91.17% |          79      1.96%     93.13% |         155      3.85%     96.97% |         122      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_GETS::total         4030                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_GETX      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_GETX::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_PUTS_only |          61     19.37%     19.37% |          41     13.02%     32.38% |          26      8.25%     40.63% |          30      9.52%     50.16% |          13      4.13%     54.29% |          17      5.40%     59.68% |          20      6.35%     66.03% |           1      0.32%     66.35% |          11      3.49%     69.84% |          19      6.03%     75.87% |          11      3.49%     79.37% |          19      6.03%     85.40% |          13      4.13%     89.52% |          11      3.49%     93.02% |          15      4.76%     97.78% |           7      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_PUTS_only::total          315                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_PUTS      |        1314     12.76%     12.76% |        1080     10.49%     23.24% |         998      9.69%     32.93% |         890      8.64%     41.57% |         679      6.59%     48.17% |         894      8.68%     56.84% |         792      7.69%     64.53% |         162      1.57%     66.11% |         726      7.05%     73.16% |         369      3.58%     76.74% |         359      3.49%     80.22% |         665      6.46%     86.68% |         422      4.10%     90.78% |         251      2.44%     93.21% |         420      4.08%     97.29% |         279      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.L1_PUTS::total        10300                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.Unblock      |     1103685      9.25%      9.25% |     1077763      9.03%     18.28% |      946929      7.93%     26.21% |      975715      8.17%     34.38% |      850659      7.13%     41.51% |      897711      7.52%     49.03% |      837697      7.02%     56.05% |      358844      3.01%     59.05% |      841567      7.05%     66.10% |      531712      4.45%     70.56% |      541618      4.54%     75.10% |      793200      6.65%     81.74% |      629828      5.28%     87.02% |      406387      3.40%     90.42% |      692836      5.80%     96.23% |      450560      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSXS.Unblock::total     11936711                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSS.L1_GETS       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSS.L1_GETS::total            1                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSS.Unblock       |           1      0.22%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |           0      0.00%      0.22% |          74     16.52%     16.74% |           0      0.00%     16.74% |           0      0.00%     16.74% |          14      3.12%     19.87% |         359     80.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.SLSS.Unblock::total          448                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.L1_GETS         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.L1_GETS::total             2                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack   |        1438      7.76%      7.76% |        1035      5.58%     13.34% |        1269      6.84%     20.18% |        1050      5.66%     25.85% |        1215      6.55%     32.40% |         973      5.25%     37.65% |        1327      7.16%     44.81% |        1029      5.55%     50.36% |        1404      7.57%     57.93% |         997      5.38%     63.31% |        1285      6.93%     70.24% |         961      5.18%     75.42% |        1451      7.83%     83.25% |        1006      5.43%     88.67% |        1210      6.53%     95.20% |         890      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.MI.Writeback_Ack::total        18540                      

system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSI.Writeback_Ack |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.OLSI.Writeback_Ack::total            5                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETX              |        4196      6.42%      6.42% |        4159      6.36%     12.78% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.85% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.43% |        4116      6.29%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4052      6.20%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETX::total              65398                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETS              |        1020      7.89%      7.89% |         644      4.98%     12.87% |         913      7.06%     19.94% |         696      5.38%     25.32% |         844      6.53%     31.85% |         647      5.01%     36.85% |         947      7.33%     44.18% |         656      5.07%     49.25% |        1020      7.89%     57.14% |         657      5.08%     62.23% |         925      7.16%     69.38% |         643      4.97%     74.36% |        1120      8.66%     83.02% |         668      5.17%     88.19% |         918      7.10%     95.29% |         609      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.GETS::total              12927                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTX              |        1438      7.76%      7.76% |        1035      5.58%     13.34% |        1269      6.84%     20.18% |        1050      5.66%     25.85% |        1215      6.55%     32.40% |         973      5.25%     37.65% |        1327      7.16%     44.81% |        1029      5.55%     50.36% |        1404      7.57%     57.93% |         997      5.38%     63.31% |        1285      6.93%     70.24% |         961      5.18%     75.42% |        1451      7.83%     83.25% |        1006      5.43%     88.67% |        1210      6.53%     95.20% |         890      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTX::total              18540                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTO_SHARERS      |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.PUTO_SHARERS::total            5                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Last_Unblock      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Last_Unblock::total            4                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock |        5216      6.66%      6.66% |        4803      6.13%     12.79% |        5023      6.41%     19.21% |        4801      6.13%     25.34% |        4956      6.33%     31.66% |        4716      6.02%     37.68% |        5071      6.47%     44.16% |        4758      6.07%     50.23% |        5134      6.56%     56.79% |        4720      6.03%     62.82% |        4998      6.38%     69.20% |        4674      5.97%     75.17% |        5170      6.60%     81.77% |        4714      6.02%     87.78% |        4927      6.29%     94.08% |        4640      5.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Exclusive_Unblock::total        78321                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Clean_Writeback   |         293      9.74%      9.74% |          98      3.26%     13.00% |         241      8.01%     21.02% |          87      2.89%     23.91% |         228      7.58%     31.49% |          92      3.06%     34.55% |         264      8.78%     43.33% |         104      3.46%     46.79% |         306     10.18%     56.97% |         109      3.62%     60.59% |         296      9.84%     70.44% |         114      3.79%     74.23% |         346     11.51%     85.73% |         109      3.62%     89.36% |         240      7.98%     97.34% |          80      2.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Clean_Writeback::total         3007                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Dirty_Writeback   |        1146      7.38%      7.38% |         938      6.04%     13.41% |        1028      6.62%     20.03% |         963      6.20%     26.23% |         987      6.35%     32.58% |         881      5.67%     38.25% |        1063      6.84%     45.09% |         925      5.95%     51.04% |        1099      7.07%     58.12% |         888      5.72%     63.83% |         989      6.37%     70.20% |         848      5.46%     75.65% |        1106      7.12%     82.77% |         897      5.77%     88.54% |         970      6.24%     94.79% |         810      5.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Dirty_Writeback::total        15538                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Data       |        5216      6.66%      6.66% |        4803      6.13%     12.79% |        5023      6.41%     19.20% |        4801      6.13%     25.33% |        4956      6.33%     31.66% |        4716      6.02%     37.68% |        5071      6.47%     44.16% |        4758      6.07%     50.23% |        5136      6.56%     56.79% |        4720      6.03%     62.82% |        4998      6.38%     69.20% |        4674      5.97%     75.16% |        5172      6.60%     81.77% |        4714      6.02%     87.79% |        4927      6.29%     94.08% |        4640      5.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Data::total        78325                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Ack        |        1146      7.38%      7.38% |         938      6.04%     13.41% |        1028      6.62%     20.03% |         963      6.20%     26.23% |         987      6.35%     32.58% |         881      5.67%     38.25% |        1063      6.84%     45.09% |         925      5.95%     51.04% |        1099      7.07%     58.12% |         888      5.72%     63.83% |         989      6.37%     70.20% |         848      5.46%     75.65% |        1106      7.12%     82.77% |         897      5.77%     88.54% |         970      6.24%     94.79% |         810      5.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.Memory_Ack::total        15538                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETX            |        4195      6.41%      6.41% |        4159      6.36%     12.77% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.85% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.43% |        4116      6.29%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4051      6.19%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETX::total            65396                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETS            |        1020      7.89%      7.89% |         644      4.98%     12.88% |         913      7.06%     19.94% |         696      5.39%     25.33% |         844      6.53%     31.86% |         647      5.01%     36.86% |         947      7.33%     44.19% |         656      5.08%     49.27% |        1018      7.88%     57.15% |         657      5.08%     62.23% |         925      7.16%     69.39% |         643      4.98%     74.36% |        1118      8.65%     83.01% |         668      5.17%     88.18% |         918      7.10%     95.29% |         609      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.GETS::total            12923                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.Memory_Ack      |        1145      7.37%      7.37% |         937      6.03%     13.40% |        1028      6.62%     20.02% |         963      6.20%     26.22% |         986      6.35%     32.57% |         881      5.67%     38.24% |        1063      6.84%     45.08% |         925      5.95%     51.04% |        1099      7.07%     58.11% |         888      5.72%     63.83% |         989      6.37%     70.19% |         847      5.45%     75.65% |        1106      7.12%     82.77% |         897      5.77%     88.54% |         970      6.24%     94.79% |         810      5.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.I.Memory_Ack::total        15534                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.GETX            |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.GETX::total                2                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.GETS            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.GETS::total                4                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.Memory_Ack      |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.S.Memory_Ack::total            3                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTX            |        1438      7.76%      7.76% |        1035      5.58%     13.34% |        1269      6.84%     20.18% |        1050      5.66%     25.85% |        1215      6.55%     32.40% |         973      5.25%     37.65% |        1327      7.16%     44.81% |        1029      5.55%     50.36% |        1404      7.57%     57.93% |         997      5.38%     63.31% |        1285      6.93%     70.24% |         961      5.18%     75.42% |        1451      7.83%     83.25% |        1006      5.43%     88.67% |        1210      6.53%     95.20% |         890      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTX::total            18540                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTO_SHARERS    |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total            5                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Unblock |        1020      7.89%      7.89% |         644      4.98%     12.88% |         913      7.06%     19.94% |         696      5.39%     25.33% |         844      6.53%     31.86% |         647      5.01%     36.86% |         947      7.33%     44.19% |         656      5.08%     49.27% |        1018      7.88%     57.15% |         657      5.08%     62.23% |         925      7.16%     69.39% |         643      4.98%     74.36% |        1118      8.65%     83.01% |         668      5.17%     88.18% |         918      7.10%     95.29% |         609      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Exclusive_Unblock::total        12923                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Data    |        1020      7.89%      7.89% |         644      4.98%     12.88% |         913      7.06%     19.94% |         696      5.39%     25.33% |         844      6.53%     31.86% |         647      5.01%     36.86% |         947      7.33%     44.19% |         656      5.08%     49.27% |        1018      7.88%     57.15% |         657      5.08%     62.23% |         925      7.16%     69.39% |         643      4.98%     74.36% |        1118      8.65%     83.01% |         668      5.17%     88.18% |         918      7.10%     95.29% |         609      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Data::total        12923                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Ack     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.IS.Memory_Ack::total            1                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.SS.Last_Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.SS.Last_Unblock::total            4                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.SS.Memory_Data    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.SS.Memory_Data::total            4                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |        4196      6.42%      6.42% |        4159      6.36%     12.78% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.85% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.43% |        4116      6.29%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4052      6.20%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        65398                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Data    |        4196      6.42%      6.42% |        4159      6.36%     12.78% |        4110      6.28%     19.06% |        4105      6.28%     25.34% |        4112      6.29%     31.62% |        4069      6.22%     37.85% |        4124      6.31%     44.15% |        4102      6.27%     50.43% |        4116      6.29%     56.72% |        4063      6.21%     62.93% |        4073      6.23%     69.16% |        4031      6.16%     75.32% |        4052      6.20%     81.52% |        4046      6.19%     87.71% |        4009      6.13%     93.84% |        4031      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MM.Memory_Data::total        65398                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Clean_Writeback |         293      9.75%      9.75% |          98      3.26%     13.01% |         241      8.02%     21.03% |          87      2.90%     23.93% |         228      7.59%     31.51% |          92      3.06%     34.58% |         264      8.79%     43.36% |         104      3.46%     46.82% |         305     10.15%     56.97% |         109      3.63%     60.60% |         296      9.85%     70.45% |         114      3.79%     74.24% |         345     11.48%     85.72% |         109      3.63%     89.35% |         240      7.99%     97.34% |          80      2.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Clean_Writeback::total         3005                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Dirty_Writeback |        1145      7.37%      7.37% |         937      6.03%     13.40% |        1028      6.62%     20.02% |         963      6.20%     26.22% |         987      6.35%     32.57% |         881      5.67%     38.24% |        1063      6.84%     45.09% |         925      5.95%     51.04% |        1099      7.07%     58.11% |         888      5.72%     63.83% |         989      6.37%     70.20% |         847      5.45%     75.65% |        1106      7.12%     82.77% |         897      5.77%     88.54% |         970      6.24%     94.79% |         810      5.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        15535                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Clean_Writeback |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Clean_Writeback::total            2                      

system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total            3                      


---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
