
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.065160                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 65160081000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                65160081000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 118041                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   118041                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               13133687                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 370408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4961.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   585637501                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     585637501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           234048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          1510976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            20736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           794368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             7360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data           805120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst            10944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data           810432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4193984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       234048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        20736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         7360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        10944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          273088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2584448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2584448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              3657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             23609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             12412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst               115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             12580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst               171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data             12663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 65531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           40382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                40382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             3591892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            23188676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              318232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            12191022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              112953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data            12356031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              167956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data            12437554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                64364315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        3591892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         318232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         112953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         167956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            4191032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          39663057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               39663057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          39663057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            3591892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           23188676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             318232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           12191022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             112953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data           12356031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             167956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data           12437554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              104027372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             806                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                          62191                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       3681.047126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1065419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          66166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.102213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                    33381496000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           706.712339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            155.343357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            762.548685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst             21.228630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            632.112114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              7.426603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            670.694845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst             19.915738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            705.064815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.172537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.037926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.186169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.005183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.154324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.001813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.163744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.004862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.172135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.898693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst              421682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data              149213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              120971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                1387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data              124402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data              113061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  932295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           146560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                146560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               67                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               61                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               73                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  235                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              1025                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               501                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2695                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               421682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               150238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data               121300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 1387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               125242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data               113562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   934990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              421682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              150238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data              121300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                1387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              125242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 842                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data              113562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  934990                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              3693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             14448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             11301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             11462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data             11566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 53336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            1153                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            1151                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            1156                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               12640                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              23628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              12454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              12613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              12722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  65976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             23628                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               423                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             12454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             12613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             12722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 65976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    191812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    763301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     21223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    597990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    607746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     12955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    612556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2816543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       105000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       157000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    482599000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     60930000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     60709000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     61265000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     665503000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    191812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1245900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     21223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    658920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    668455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     12955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    673821000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3482046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    191812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1245900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     21223000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    658920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    668455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     12955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    673821000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3482046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          425375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data          163661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            1160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          132272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            1569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data          135864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            1103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data          124627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              985631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       146560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            146560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           70                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           74                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              241                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          1482                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          1991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1657                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             15335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           425375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           173866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           133754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           137855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           126284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1000966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          425375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          173866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          133754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          137855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          126284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1000966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.008682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.088280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.364655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.085438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.115997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.084364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.236627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.092805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.054114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031746                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.013514                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.024896                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.760000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.899559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.778003                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.578101                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.697646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.824258                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.008682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.135898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.364655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.093111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.115997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.091495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.236627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.100741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.065912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.008682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.135898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.364655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.093111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.115997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.091495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.236627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.100741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.065912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51939.344706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52830.910853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50172.576832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52914.786302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49230.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53022.683650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49636.015326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52961.784541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52807.540873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52570.697168                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52844.752819                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52744.569939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52997.404844                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52650.553797                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51939.344706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52729.812087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50172.576832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52908.302553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49230.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52997.304369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49636.015326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52965.021223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52777.464533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51939.344706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52729.812087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50172.576832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52908.302553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49230.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52997.304369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49636.015326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52965.021223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52777.464533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                40382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     40382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             67                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             90                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                443                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        11429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        11507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            52893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1156                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          12640                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         23611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         12412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         12580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         12663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             65533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            65533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    146397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     12998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    461231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    469258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    471888000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2162881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       120000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       242000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       240000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       481000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       761000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    372439000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     47094000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     46897000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     47393000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513823000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    146397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    962035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     12998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    508325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    516155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    519281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2676704000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    146397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    962035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     12998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    508325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    516155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6880000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    519281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2676704000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.279310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.085120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.073295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.084121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.155032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.092332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.053664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031746                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.013514                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024896                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.899559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.778003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.578101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.697646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.135800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.279310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.092797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.073295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.091255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.155032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.100274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.065470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.135800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.279310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.092797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.073295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.091255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.155032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.100274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.065470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40031.993437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40856.212321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40117.283951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40965.538680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40286.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41058.535305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40233.918129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41008.777266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40891.630272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        41000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40083.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40052.631579                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40570.697168                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40844.752819                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40744.569939                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40997.404844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40650.553797                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40031.993437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40745.203507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40117.283951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40954.318402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40286.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41029.809221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40233.918129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41007.739082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40845.131460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40031.993437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40745.203507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40117.283951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40954.318402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40286.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41029.809221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40233.918129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41007.739082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40845.131460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    36915331                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     22844                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                           58                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                36938175                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   14895506                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      626                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               14896132                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    51810837                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     23470                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           58                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                51834307                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                   26766268                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      306                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses               26766574                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        65152117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                27582741                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted          23736037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            696523                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             19795258                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                19305123                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                 1067535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect               1859                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           5949873                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     194584369                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   27582741                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          20372658                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     36240256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                3187502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              20328513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5099                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 26766268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                40378                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          65009981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.993146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.156013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28769725     44.25%     44.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2996994      4.61%     48.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1208275      1.86%     50.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1435526      2.21%     52.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 8492911     13.06%     66.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 7593031     11.68%     77.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1164497      1.79%     79.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  851710      1.31%     80.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12497312     19.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            65009981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.423359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.986616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 9436990                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17489945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 32721911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2877698                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               2483437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             2540700                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 3048                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             191472163                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                13353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               2483437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                12773737                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               10185472                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        416507                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 32190606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              6960222                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             188390789                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 73558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              4715265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          140653291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            256332228                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        93945664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162386564                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            123875728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                16777563                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             38521                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         14351                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 25298437                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            37335033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           15358894                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2551914                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1489603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 176132452                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              26781                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                170555638                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           470446                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       15767858                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10300495                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           565                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     65009981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.623530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.091408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           16669906     25.64%     25.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6845410     10.53%     36.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            6335211      9.74%     45.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           12039830     18.52%     64.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            8984388     13.82%     78.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            7057475     10.86%     89.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            6001363      9.23%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             923973      1.42%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             152425      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       65009981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  89551      2.98%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               229873      7.65%     10.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    4      0.00%     10.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     10.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1249456     41.58%     52.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               187644      6.24%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     58.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1132693     37.69%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               115738      3.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             64024569     37.54%     37.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                9322      0.01%     37.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     37.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37639910     22.07%     59.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7390838      4.33%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9064388      5.31%     69.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             265697      0.16%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            37212904     21.82%     91.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           14948010      8.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             170555638                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.617807                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    3004959                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017619                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         216415270                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         85728007                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     74011324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193181392                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106202702                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93463810                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              75835233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97725364                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2370859                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2752621                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1793                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3689                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       888488                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       654714                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        15973                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               2483437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                8665137                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1173414                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          182412807                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            67282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             37335033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            15358894                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             14211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  9763                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4197                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3689                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        999529                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121288                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1120817                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            168781144                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             36938575                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1774494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      6253574                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    51834738                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                23583034                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  14896163                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.590570                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     168002764                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    167475134                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                105989593                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                130548978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.570525                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.811876                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts     166000351                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps       166000351                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       16415445                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          26216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           693856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     62526544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.654878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.138378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     24596847     39.34%     39.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10473449     16.75%     56.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4238178      6.78%     62.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3838735      6.14%     69.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3242424      5.19%     74.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       751851      1.20%     75.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1696723      2.71%     78.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       881644      1.41%     79.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     12806693     20.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     62526544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           166000351                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             166000351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      49052818                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     34582412                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                      12295                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  22355692                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  91384389                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                106279383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             1023341                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             12806693                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   232130291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  367319979                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                          13642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         142136                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                        7943                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  160109039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    160109039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total            160109039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.406923                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.406923                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.457465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.457465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               127772892                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               56777892                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                109647571                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                73372659                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                  51006                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                 26968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                425118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               255.912838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                26335231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                425374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 61.910768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle             224535000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.912838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     26335231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       26335231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     26335231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        26335231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     26335231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       26335231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       431037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       431037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       431037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        431037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       431037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       431037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6193100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6193100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6193100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6193100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6193100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6193100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     26766268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26766268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     26766268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     26766268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     26766268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     26766268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14367.908091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14367.908091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14367.908091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14367.908091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14367.908091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14367.908091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5662                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       425375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       425375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       425375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4845377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4845377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4845377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4845377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4845377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4845377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11390.836321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11390.836321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11390.836321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11390.836321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11390.836321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11390.836321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                176106                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               255.455371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                47829239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                176362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                271.199232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              44986000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   255.455371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     33374697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       33374697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     14427519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      14427519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        13368                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13368                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        13412                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13412                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     47802216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        47802216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     47802216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       47802216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       497801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       497801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        29407                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        29407                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       527208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        527208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       527208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       527208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7204735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7204735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1507876126                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1507876126                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3534000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3534000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       685000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       685000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8712611126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8712611126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8712611126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8712611126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     33872498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33872498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     14456926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14456926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13562                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13562                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     48329424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48329424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     48329424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48329424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014305                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014305                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005045                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.005045                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14473.122794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14473.122794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51276.095011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51276.095011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18216.494845                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18216.494845                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10073.529412                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10073.529412                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16525.946355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16525.946355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16525.946355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16525.946355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       475942                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    146140000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets          14708                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  4666.098039                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  9936.089203                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        49183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            49183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       331488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       331488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        19036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       350524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       350524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       350524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       350524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       166313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       166313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       176684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       176684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2565431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2565431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    518948168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518948168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2112000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2112000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       487000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       487000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3084379168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3084379168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3084379168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3084379168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007963                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007963                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004896                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004896                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15425.318526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15425.318526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50038.392440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50038.392440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19555.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19555.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7378.787879                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7378.787879                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17457.037242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17457.037242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17457.037242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17457.037242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    32430147                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     21285                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                32451432                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   12702873                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       62                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               12702935                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    45133020                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     21347                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                45154367                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                   23726894                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      124                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses               23727018                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        53425889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                23003283                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20775200                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            573459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17788815                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17464974                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  785794                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                100                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles            563355                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     170116763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                   23003283                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          18250768                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     31570725                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2521075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              19283770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        28336                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1461                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 23726894                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          53393198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.186113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.136412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                21822473     40.87%     40.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 2380783      4.46%     45.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  673450      1.26%     46.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1266381      2.37%     48.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 7690927     14.40%     63.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 7153246     13.40%     76.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1359552      2.55%     79.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  468401      0.88%     80.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                10577985     19.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            53393198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.430564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       3.184163                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 3947584                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             16458863                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 28354998                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              2658203                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1945214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1439025                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             167463091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1328                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1945214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 6985534                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               10046874                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         10101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 27923802                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              6453337                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             164740014                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 56168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              4472975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          124530579                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            228182649                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        65580259                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162602390                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            110947002                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                13583577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           357                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 23579019                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            32605795                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           13027057                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2302855                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1320323                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154394811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                425                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149679174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           449129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12502235                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8921516                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53393198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.803338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.031687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           11111479     20.81%     20.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5657083     10.60%     31.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5373862     10.06%     41.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11182548     20.94%     62.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7706716     14.43%     76.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6082581     11.39%     88.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5571733     10.44%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             601012      1.13%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             106184      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53393198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  21828      0.79%      0.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               231594      8.35%      9.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   10      0.00%      9.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      9.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1184541     42.69%     51.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               183221      6.60%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1107673     39.92%     98.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                45979      1.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49677951     33.19%     33.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37925750     25.34%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7393280      4.94%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9045686      6.04%     69.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             263280      0.18%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32642930     21.81%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12730287      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149679174                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          2.801623                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2774846                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018539                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162564979                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60595018                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53251100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193410542                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106305029                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93586179                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              54635329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97818687                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1598228                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2056573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2592                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       559042                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       661774                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        12250                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1945214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                8618747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1168898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159707968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            58600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32605795                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13027057                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  8561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2592                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        912989                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        76610                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              989599                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148090161                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32451453                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1589013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                      5312732                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    45154388                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                19545244                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  12702935                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    2.771880                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147321116                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    146837279                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 95087444                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                116887354                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      2.748429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.813496                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147007718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps       147007718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12704976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           573159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51419648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.858979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.209593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18902723     36.76%     36.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8734163     16.99%     53.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3068311      5.97%     59.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3289917      6.40%     66.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2898282      5.64%     71.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       543041      1.06%     72.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1551465      3.02%     75.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       803909      1.56%     77.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11627837     22.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51419648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           147007718                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147007718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      43017237                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     30549222                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                  18779283                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  91534043                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 88438046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              771289                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             11627837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   199503062                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  321372562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                           3940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                          32691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                    11734151                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  141853506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    141853506                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total            141853506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.376627                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.376627                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              2.655145                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        2.655145                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               101795041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               41835295                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                110063688                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                73585840                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                    237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   219                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   908                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               200.560289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                23725558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                  1160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs              20453.067241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   200.560289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.783439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.783439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     23725558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23725558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     23725558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        23725558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     23725558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       23725558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     40679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     40679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     40679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     23726894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23726894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     23726894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     23726894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     23726894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     23726894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 30448.353293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30448.353293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 30448.353293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30448.353293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 30448.353293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30448.353293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     31699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     31699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     31699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27326.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27326.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27326.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27326.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27326.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27326.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                136529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               208.965132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                42206505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                136777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                308.578964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           30979650000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   208.965132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.816270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.816270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     29744799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29744799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     12461422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12461422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     42206221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        42206221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     42206221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       42206221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       424851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       424851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         6484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       431335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        431335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       431335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       431335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5965160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5965160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    306159997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    306159997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       325000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        25000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        25000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6271319997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6271319997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6271319997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6271319997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     30169650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30169650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     12467906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12467906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     42637556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42637556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     42637556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42637556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.014082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.105263                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.105263                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045872                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14040.593055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14040.593055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47217.766348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47217.766348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14539.325575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14539.325575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14539.325575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14539.325575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    107284000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets          15281                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  7020.744716                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        32265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            32265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       289433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       289433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         4922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       294355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       294355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       294355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       294355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       135418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       136980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       136980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       136980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       136980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2079154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2079154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68881997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68881997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       236000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       236000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2148035997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2148035997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2148035997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2148035997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087719                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087719                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045872                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15353.601441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15353.601441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44098.589629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44098.589629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        23600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15681.384122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15681.384122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15681.384122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15681.384122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    32414075                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     22155                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                32436230                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   12695083                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       74                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               12695157                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    45109158                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     22229                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                45131387                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                   23710508                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      129                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses               23710637                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        53462125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                23017234                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20786696                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            578091                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17733406                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17464028                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  785789                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                100                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles            565242                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     170136218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   23017234                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          18249817                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     31562481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                2533032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              19324498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        28198                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1515                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 23710508                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          53434765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.183999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.136571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                21872284     40.93%     40.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 2374482      4.44%     45.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  658160      1.23%     46.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1274256      2.38%     48.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 7691021     14.39%     63.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 7148992     13.38%     76.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1360140      2.55%     79.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  490676      0.92%     80.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                10564754     19.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            53434765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.430533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       3.182369                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 3975876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             16479792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 28332916                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              2665508                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1952475                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             1441693                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  325                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             167441210                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1429                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1952475                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7004438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               10066636                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         10339                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 27907098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              6465581                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             164713178                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 58217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              4471801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          124505811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            228160558                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        65543316                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162617242                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            110915772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                13590039                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               420                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           392                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 23597982                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            32602259                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores           13025030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2293861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1284300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154359226                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149606982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           454852                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12503287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8977895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53434765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.799806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.026920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           11130094     20.83%     20.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5640041     10.56%     31.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5366830     10.04%     41.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11237217     21.03%     62.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7755491     14.51%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6109064     11.43%     88.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5503846     10.30%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             606186      1.13%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              85996      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53434765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  21444      0.77%      0.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               215270      7.76%      8.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    4      0.00%      8.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1223374     44.07%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               183145      6.60%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     59.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1086646     39.15%     98.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                45933      1.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49639490     33.18%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37922012     25.35%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7386899      4.94%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9042056      6.04%     69.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             262884      0.18%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32628531     21.81%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12725100      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149606982                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          2.798373                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2775816                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018554                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162529877                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60552905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53211415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193349520                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106312596                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93548710                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              54593693                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97789101                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1598079                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2062992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2553                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       561851                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       658199                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11909                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1952475                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                8587357                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1173303                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159670716                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            55116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32602259                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13025030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               346                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  8143                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 6166                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2553                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        912842                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        78753                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              991595                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148012122                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32436247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1594860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      5311042                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    45131404                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                19538336                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                  12695157                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    2.768542                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147246754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    146760125                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 94987410                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                116857293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      2.745123                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.812850                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts     146965839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps       146965839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12709431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            314                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           577774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51454092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.856252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.210536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18995426     36.92%     36.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8617891     16.75%     53.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3132883      6.09%     59.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3366899      6.54%     66.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2805736      5.45%     71.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       562766      1.09%     72.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1506455      2.93%     75.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       822307      1.60%     77.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11643729     22.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51454092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           146965839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             146965839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      43002446                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     30539267                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  18776806                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  91509855                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 88409592                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              771032                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             11643729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   199484190                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  321305019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                           3072                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                          27360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                    11697922                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  141814244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    141814244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total            141814244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.376987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.376987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              2.652611                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        2.652611                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               101733494                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               41807126                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                110018627                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                73554490                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                    243                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   225                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse               201.332607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                23708819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                  1569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs              15110.783301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   201.332607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.786455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.786455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23708819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23708819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23708819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23708819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23708819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23708819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     33275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     33275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     33275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     23710508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23710508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     23710508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     23710508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     23710508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     23710508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19701.006513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19701.006513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19701.006513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19701.006513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19701.006513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19701.006513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          120                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          120                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     26597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     26597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     26597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16951.561504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16951.561504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16951.561504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16951.561504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 16951.561504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16951.561504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                140532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse               210.088802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                42171939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                140780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                299.559163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle           12522269000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   210.088802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.820659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.820659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     29717785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29717785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     12453809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12453809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     42171594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        42171594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     42171594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       42171594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       439247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       439247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         9258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       448505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        448505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       448505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       448505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6203813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6203813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    344296998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    344296998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       100000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       100000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       121000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       121000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6548109998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6548109998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6548109998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6548109998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     30157032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30157032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     12463067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12463067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     42620099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42620099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     42620099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42620099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.014565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.110169                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110169                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116071                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.116071                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.010523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.010523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14123.745865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14123.745865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 37189.133506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37189.133506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7692.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7692.307692                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9307.692308                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9307.692308                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14599.859529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14599.859529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14599.859529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14599.859529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    103722000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets          14621                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  7094.042815                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            35203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       300375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       300375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         7140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         7140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       307515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       307515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       307515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       307515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       138872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       140990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       140990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2127267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2127267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     75274999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75274999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        59000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        59000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        82000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        82000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2202541999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2202541999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2202541999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2202541999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.101695                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101695                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116071                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116071                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15318.185091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15318.185091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35540.603872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35540.603872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6307.692308                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6307.692308                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15621.973182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15621.973182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15621.973182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15621.973182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    32439902                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                     22161                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                32462063                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   12705163                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       66                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               12705229                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    45145065                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     22227                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                45167292                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                   23737518                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      128                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses               23737646                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        53442301                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                22631773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20774834                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            572932                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             18088188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17844306                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786417                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 99                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles            562540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                     170189168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                   22631773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches          18630723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     31579469                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                2524501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles              19289065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  36                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        27931                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1598                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 23737518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  553                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          53410031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.186465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                21830562     40.87%     40.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 2030186      3.80%     44.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                  649262      1.22%     45.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1635625      3.06%     48.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 7695782     14.41%     63.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 7155937     13.40%     76.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1708145      3.20%     79.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                  494356      0.93%     80.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                10210176     19.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            53410031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.423481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       3.184540                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                 3955553                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             16455535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 28354527                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              2667400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles               1949085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved             1067290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  315                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             167532065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                 1399                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles               1949085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                 6987492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles               10030444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         12044                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 27936391                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles              6466644                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             164756737                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                  737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 56250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents              4470385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          124913472                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            228922339                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups        65607258                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        163315081                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            111275929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                13637543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               443                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           416                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 23570831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            32624104                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores           13031996                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2295859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1234760                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154447668                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                483                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149689290                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           454385                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12548225                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9010876                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53410031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.802644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.023219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           11073449     20.73%     20.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5538303     10.37%     31.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5489061     10.28%     41.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11300066     21.16%     62.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7750790     14.51%     77.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6059163     11.34%     88.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5509097     10.31%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             601706      1.13%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              88396      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53410031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  21761      0.78%      0.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               208252      7.49%      8.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    6      0.00%      8.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1186216     42.68%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               183994      6.62%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     57.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1133033     40.77%     98.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                45906      1.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49346941     32.97%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           38244846     25.55%     58.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7395486      4.94%     63.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9047326      6.04%     69.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             263291      0.18%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32658050     21.82%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12733340      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149689290                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          2.800951                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2779168                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018566                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         161920857                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60254234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     52920788                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          194101307                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106744782                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93897048                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              54304993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               98163461                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1599860                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2073443                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2655                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       563342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       661205                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        12740                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles               1949085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                8610049                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1169051                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159764748                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            55035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32624104                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13031996                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  8259                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2746                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2655                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        916650                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        73417                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts              990067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148073662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32462089                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1615628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                      5316597                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    45167318                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                19198073                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                  12705229                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    2.770720                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147303500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    146817836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                 95440859                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                117635674                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      2.747221                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.811326                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147016306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps       147016306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12753077                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts           572625                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51433015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.858403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.210828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18945040     36.83%     36.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8712075     16.94%     53.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3079447      5.99%     59.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3249878      6.32%     66.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2898482      5.64%     71.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       572735      1.11%     72.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1526008      2.97%     75.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       812748      1.58%     77.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11636602     22.62%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51433015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts           147016306                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147016306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      43019315                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     30550661                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                  18457059                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  91859907                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 88443233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              771417                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             11636602                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   199564353                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  321489860                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                           3781                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                          32270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                    11717742                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  141860712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    141860712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total            141860712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.376724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.376724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              2.654465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        2.654465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               101828752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               41849596                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                110672351                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                73898556                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                    251                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   233                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   851                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse               201.249352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                23736262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                  1103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs              21519.729828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   201.249352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.786130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.786130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     23736262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23736262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     23736262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        23736262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     23736262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       23736262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     31065000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31065000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     31065000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     31065000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     31065000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     31065000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     23737518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23737518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     23737518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     23737518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     23737518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     23737518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 24733.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24733.280255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 24733.280255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24733.280255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 24733.280255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24733.280255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     25073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     25073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     25073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22731.640979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22731.640979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22731.640979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22731.640979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22731.640979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22731.640979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                129530                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse               209.359741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                42260925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                129779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                325.637622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle           22395494000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   209.359741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.817811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.817811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     29799067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29799067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     12461489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12461489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     42260556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        42260556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     42260556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       42260556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       379081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       379081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         7049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       386130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        386130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       386130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       386130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5532519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5532519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    315113996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    315113996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       318000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       318000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1081000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1081000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5847632996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5847632996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5847632996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5847632996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     30178148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30178148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     12468538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12468538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     42646686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42646686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     42646686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42646686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.012561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.272727                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.672414                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.672414                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.009054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.009054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14594.556309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14594.556309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 44703.361612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44703.361612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13858.974359                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13858.974359                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15144.207899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15144.207899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15144.207899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15144.207899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    101618000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets          14762                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6883.755589                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            29909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       250815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       250815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         5234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       256049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       256049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       256049                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       256049                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       128266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       128266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       130081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       130081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       130081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       130081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2006628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2006628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     71896998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71896998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       157000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       850000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       850000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2078524998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078524998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2078524998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078524998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000146                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.257576                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257576                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.663793                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.663793                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15644.270500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15644.270500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 39612.671074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39612.671074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4617.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4617.647059                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11038.961039                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11038.961039                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15978.697873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15978.697873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15978.697873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15978.697873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
