
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.018819                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18819400000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                18819400000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 158553                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   158553                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51151858                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 370284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   367.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    58333490                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      58333490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           174912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5486336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            21184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          3170176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst            10112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          3166080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data          3164736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             15198912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       174912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        21184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        10112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          211584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7335104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7335104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              2733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             85724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             49534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst               158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             49470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                84                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data             49449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                237483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             9294239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           291525553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             1125647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data           168452554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              537318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data           168234907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              285663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data           168163491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               807619371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        9294239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        1125647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         537318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         285663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           11242866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         389762904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              389762904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         389762904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            9294239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          291525553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            1125647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data          168452554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             537318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data          168234907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             285663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data          168163491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1197382276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             247                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                         238370                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       2389.858401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                            35381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         241435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           0.146545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                    15506800000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1721.115480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst             80.728723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            171.937788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst              1.124330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            133.188948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              0.523431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            141.338265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst              0.181637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            139.719799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.420194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.019709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.041977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.000274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.032517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.000128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.034506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.034111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.583462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                3403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                 597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                 297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                 753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                 467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           116731                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                116731                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 3403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                  331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                3403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 775                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                 331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7388                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              2745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             38235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             37169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             37118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data             37081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                153030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           47506                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           12380                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           12376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           12383                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               84645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              85741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              49549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              49494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              49464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 237675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             85741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             49549                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             49494                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             49464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                237675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    142781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2018761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1963352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1960319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5463000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1958602000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8078492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        53000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2515973000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    672642000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    694541000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    689595000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4572751000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    142781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4534734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2635994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2654860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2648197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      12651243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    142781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4534734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2635994000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     10404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2654860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2648197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     12651243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            6148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data           38832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            1139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data           37466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst             959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data           37585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst             729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data           37426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              160284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       116731                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            116731                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         47572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         12414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         12401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         12392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             84779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             6148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            86404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            49880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst              959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            49986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst              729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            49818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               245063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            6148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           86404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           49880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst             959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           49986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst             729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           49818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              245063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.446487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.984626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.319579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.992073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.214807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.987575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.153635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.990782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.954743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.470588                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.571429                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998613                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999274                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.446487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.992327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.319579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.993364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.214807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.990157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.153635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.992894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.969853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.446487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.992327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.319579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.993364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.214807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.990157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.153635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.992894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.969853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52014.936248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52798.770760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51675.824176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52822.298152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50504.854369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52813.163425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 48776.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52819.557186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52790.250278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        26500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13125                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52961.162800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54332.956381                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56119.990304                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 55688.847614                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54022.694784                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52014.936248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52888.746341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51675.824176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53199.741670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50504.854369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53640.037176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 48776.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53537.865923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53229.170085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52014.936248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52888.746341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51675.824176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53199.741670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50504.854369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53640.037176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 48776.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53537.865923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53229.170085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               114611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    114611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        37066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           152839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47506                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          84645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         85725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         49534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         49470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         49449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            237484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        85725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           84                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           237484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1559451000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     13315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1516917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1514250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1513118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6236327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       240000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       321000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       160000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        80000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       320000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1945901000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    524082000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    546029000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    540999000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3557011000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3505352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     13315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2040999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2060279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2054117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9793338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3505352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     13315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2040999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2060279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2054117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9793338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.444535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.984214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.290606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.164755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.986936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.115226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.990381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.953551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470588                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.444535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.290606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.993063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.164755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.989677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.115226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.992593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.969073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.444535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.290606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.993063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.164755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.989677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.115226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.992593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.969073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40063.666301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40803.029907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40226.586103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40827.824730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40462.025316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40821.965817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40345.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40822.262990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40803.243936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40125                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40961.162800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42332.956381                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44119.990304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43688.847614                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42022.694784                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40063.666301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40890.662001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40226.586103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41204.001292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40462.025316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41647.038609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40345.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41540.112035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41237.885500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40063.666301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40890.662001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40226.586103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41204.001292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40462.025316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41647.038609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40345.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41540.112035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41237.885500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7333808                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      9641                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7343449                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3534402                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     4493                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3538895                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    10868210                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     14134                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                10882344                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    4785423                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      204                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                4785627                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        18795512                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                 3291400                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted           1558070                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             17558                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              2062442                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 1894197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  862900                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                651                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             99943                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      42120597                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3291400                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2757097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      6969430                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 118891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              11536124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3645                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4785423                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 3170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          18707095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.251584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.236656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                11737665     62.74%     62.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  396352      2.12%     64.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  289794      1.55%     66.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  250117      1.34%     67.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1272688      6.80%     74.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  421784      2.25%     76.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  572880      3.06%     79.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  369166      1.97%     81.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3396649     18.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            18707095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.175116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.240992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  993882                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             10663079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6108324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               845422                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 96388                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              736288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 1514                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              42014132                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                 6226                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 96388                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1752603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1462948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles       7146749                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6186164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2062243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              41916528                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                    2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 99342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1295201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents           10101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           32929151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             55943621                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        38172711                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         17770910                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             32287655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  641496                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            132422                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           962                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  8522180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7381066                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3586625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1423828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          269479                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  39049342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1479                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38835991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         700336                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       410166                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           317                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     18707095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.076003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.915373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            5604764     29.96%     29.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2796784     14.95%     44.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2996260     16.02%     60.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2891614     15.46%     76.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2318764     12.40%     88.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1050487      5.62%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             565530      3.02%     97.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             411962      2.20%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              70930      0.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       18707095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  64379      8.81%      8.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                262149     35.88%     44.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     44.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4458      0.61%     45.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     45.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     45.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult              292544     40.05%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    1      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 92364     12.64%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                14636      2.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             21073017     54.26%     54.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              787047      2.03%     56.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            3048517      7.85%     64.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 11      0.00%     64.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           3028383      7.80%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                101      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7358150     18.95%     90.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3540765      9.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38835991                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.066237                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     730531                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018811                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          75708937                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         28994352                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28287043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           21424991                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          10757173                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10471075                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              28657683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               10908839                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          971112                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        93642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          376                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        72395                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           86                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        14620                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 96388                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 972986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                49075                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           41779447                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5518                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7381066                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3586625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               876                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33627                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4891                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           376                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          8711                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               17095                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             38792089                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7343470                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            43902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      2728626                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10882377                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3225081                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   3538907                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.063902                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      38779666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     38758118                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 27044866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 37729056                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.062094                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716818                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts      41059351                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps        41059351                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         688966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           1162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            16093                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     18610707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.206222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.564364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7427141     39.91%     39.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2027141     10.89%     50.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2701600     14.52%     65.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1677634      9.01%     74.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1517184      8.15%     82.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       642078      3.45%     85.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       779755      4.19%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        66940      0.36%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1771234      9.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     18610707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            41059351                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41059351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10801654                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7287424                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        513                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3170391                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  10433588                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 32140302                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              858808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1771234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    58567575                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   83593176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                           4986                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          88417                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                       23875                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   38344671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38344671                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             38344671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.490173                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.490173                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.040097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.040097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                42059719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               23678903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 13149936                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 8950750                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 132316                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                  1080                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  5651                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               484.775984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 4777928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                  6148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                777.151594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   484.775984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.946828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.946828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4777928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4777928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4777928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4777928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4777928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4777928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         7495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          7495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         7495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         7495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    247697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    247697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4785423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4785423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4785423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4785423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4785423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4785423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 33048.298866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33048.298866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 33048.298866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33048.298866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 33048.298866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33048.298866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    184152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    184152000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184152000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    184152000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184152000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 29953.155498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29953.155498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 29953.155498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29953.155498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 29953.155498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29953.155498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 85829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.174082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9572961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                 86339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                110.876441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             128239000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   511.174082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.998387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6143363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6143363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3428431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3428431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data          581                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          581                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data          529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9571794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9571794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9571794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9571794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       215735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        85260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        85260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       300995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        300995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       300995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       300995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11601130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11601130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4247904387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4247904387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1530000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1530000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       263000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       263000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15849034387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15849034387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15849034387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15849034387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6359098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6359098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3513691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3513691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data          539                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          539                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9872789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9872789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9872789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9872789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.077778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53774.909032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53774.909032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49822.946129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49822.946129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31224.489796                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31224.489796                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26300                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26300                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52655.473968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52655.473968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52655.473968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52655.473968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1334961                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   1000623000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets          21429                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8343.506250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46694.806104                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        55961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            55961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        37644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       214530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       214530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       214530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       214530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        47616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        86465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        86465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2107915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2107915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2650304838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2650304838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       615000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       615000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       233000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       233000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4758219838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4758219838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4758219838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4758219838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031746                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031746                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018553                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018553                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54259.182991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54259.182991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55659.963836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55659.963836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        23300                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23300                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55030.588539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55030.588539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55030.588539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55030.588539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1182137                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      9238                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 1191375                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     763828                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     4022                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 767850                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1945965                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     13260                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                 1959225                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     698899                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                       98                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 698997                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         3394122                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                  588822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted            583013                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               286026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  273592                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2634                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                100                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             25152                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                       7574522                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                     588822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches            276226                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      1198206                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                  90506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles               2021160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  45                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        37878                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1396                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                   698899                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples           3361045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.253621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.351884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                 2162839     64.35%     64.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  111518      3.32%     67.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    2831      0.08%     67.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                   79005      2.35%     70.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  145230      4.32%     74.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   23256      0.69%     75.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                   41245      1.23%     76.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                   85311      2.54%     78.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                  709810     21.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total             3361045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.173483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       2.231659                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                  252931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              1806689                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                   986521                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               200174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                 76852                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved                2901                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts               7502981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1389                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                 76852                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                  427487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                1262327                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles          6325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  1004377                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               545799                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts               7428253                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                    5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 49634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               373852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           10444                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            5735937                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             11446138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups         5167652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6278486                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              5209623                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                  526314                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           244                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  1675676                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             1220323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores             807007                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            41862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores            3885                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7251336                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7076193                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            23174                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         582020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       338694                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.105355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.383241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1516202     45.11%     45.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             264862      7.88%     52.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             286122      8.51%     61.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             287593      8.56%     70.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             274962      8.18%     78.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             301750      8.98%     87.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             293313      8.73%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              82096      2.44%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54145      1.61%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3361045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  63831     31.79%     31.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4406      2.19%     33.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29710     14.80%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 90848     45.25%     94.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11975      5.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3416466     48.28%     48.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 191      0.00%     48.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951764     13.45%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737314     10.42%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1202347     16.99%     89.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             768107     10.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               7076193                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          2.084838                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     200770                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028373                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10150746                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3892501                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3331084                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7586629                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3941181                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3684266                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               3418422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3858537                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        70290                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        55340                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11786                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                 76852                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 967307                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48221                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7323240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1220323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              807007                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4795                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts               11626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7043168                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1191377                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            33025                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        71608                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     1959227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                  540131                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                    767850                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    2.075107                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       7034254                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      7015350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  5007159                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  7717111                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      2.066912                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6738773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps         6738773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts         561126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts            11398                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3246315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.075822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.951053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1867029     57.51%     57.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       106448      3.28%     60.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       243930      7.51%     68.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       193665      5.97%     74.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       182121      5.61%     79.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        81639      2.51%     82.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        40416      1.24%     83.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        64241      1.98%     85.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       466826     14.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3246315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             6738773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               6738773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       1901700                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      1150033                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         42                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                    495863                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  4980173                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                1857                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               466826                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                    10064750                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   14676664                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                           2809                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                          33077                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                    15425272                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    6668732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      6668732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total              6668732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.508961                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.508961                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.964789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.964789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                 6878558                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                2642127                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                  4077186                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                 2854932                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                    108                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   105                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                65.815960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                  697507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                  1139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                612.385426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    65.815960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.128547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.128547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       697507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         697507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       697507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          697507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       697507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         697507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38989000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38989000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38989000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38989000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38989000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38989000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       698899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       698899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       698899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       698899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       698899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       698899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28009.339080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28009.339080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28009.339080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28009.339080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28009.339080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28009.339080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25275.680421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25275.680421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25275.680421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25275.680421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 25275.680421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25275.680421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 49422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                91.904528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 1660623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 49929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 33.259689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           15477020000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    91.904528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.179501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.179501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       934215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         934215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       726254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        726254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1660469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1660469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1660469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1660469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       213474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       213474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        25362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       238836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        238836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       238836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       238836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11511431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11511431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1476113315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1476113315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       250000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       250000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       155000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       155000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12987544315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12987544315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12987544315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12987544315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1147689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1147689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       751616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1899305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1899305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1899305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1899305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.186003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.186003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.258065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.258065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.392157                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.392157                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.125749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.125749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53924.276493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53924.276493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58201.770957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58201.770957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        15625                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        15625                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         7750                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7750                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54378.503722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54378.503722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54378.503722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54378.503722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       800997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    955489995                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               53                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20406                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 15113.150943                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46823.973096                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            20282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       175931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       175931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        12886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       188817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       188817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        50019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        50019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2047922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2047922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    757636665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    757636665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       133000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2805558665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2805558665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2805558665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2805558665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016599                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016599                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.209677                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54548.704153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54548.704153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60727.530058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60727.530058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10230.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10230.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5611.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5611.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56089.859154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56089.859154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56089.859154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56089.859154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     1180398                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      9105                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 1189503                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     762879                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     3954                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 766833                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     1943277                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     13059                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                 1956336                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     702217                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                       84                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 702301                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         3379549                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                  588505                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted            583482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               284399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  273452                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 82                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             21848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                       7574657                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                     588505                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches            275724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      1197994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                  90907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles               2013217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        38266                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1389                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                   702217                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  578                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples           3350467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.260776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.355049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                 2152473     64.24%     64.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  111586      3.33%     67.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    2546      0.08%     67.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                   79056      2.36%     70.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  145062      4.33%     74.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   23197      0.69%     75.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                   41207      1.23%     76.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                   85384      2.55%     78.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                  709956     21.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total             3350467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.174137                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       2.241322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                  249822                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              1798450                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                   986218                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               200312                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                 77399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved                2514                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts               7503973                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1255                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                 77399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                  424807                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                1256420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          4059                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  1004022                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles               545494                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts               7429626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                    3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 49794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               373222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents           10329                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands            5738415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             11450643                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups         5171732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6278911                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps              5205979                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  532436                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  1675418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             1218717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores             806503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            41883                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores            6296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7252998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7076698                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            22566                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         588311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       340954                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3350467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.112153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.384952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1507350     44.99%     44.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             262366      7.83%     52.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             287391      8.58%     61.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             287223      8.57%     69.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             272582      8.14%     78.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             304240      9.08%     87.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             293302      8.75%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              81563      2.43%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54450      1.63%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3350467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  64066     31.89%     31.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4525      2.25%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29968     14.92%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 90387     44.99%     94.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11966      5.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3420026     48.33%     48.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 142      0.00%     48.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951754     13.45%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737298     10.42%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1200419     16.96%     89.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             767055     10.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total               7076698                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          2.093977                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     200912                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028391                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10143344                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3901507                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3333388                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7583997                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3940072                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3683065                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses               3420357                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3857249                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33383                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        69719                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           27                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        55141                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11839                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                 77399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                 958893                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48326                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7324077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1218717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              806503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4871                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            27                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4999                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts               11546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7044175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1189506                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            32523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        70836                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     1956339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                  540234                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                    766833                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    2.084354                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                       7035017                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                      7016453                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                  5010074                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                  7723483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      2.076151                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648681                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6733541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps         6733541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts         564638                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            129                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts            11318                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3234802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.081593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.953753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1857353     57.42%     57.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       105230      3.25%     60.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       244055      7.54%     68.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       194439      6.01%     74.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       181254      5.60%     79.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        81142      2.51%     82.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        40534      1.25%     83.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63406      1.96%     85.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       467389     14.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3234802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts             6733541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps               6733541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       1900360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      1148998                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         43                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                    494939                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                  4975505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                1658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               467389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    10051123                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   14673771                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                           2658                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                          29082                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                    15439838                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    6664035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6664035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total              6664035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.507133                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.507133                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.971871                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.971871                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                 6880739                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                2644407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                  4076500                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                 2854222                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                     99                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                    93                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                68.642305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                  701082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                731.055266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    68.642305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.134067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.134067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       701082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         701082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       701082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          701082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       701082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         701082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     26603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     26603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     26603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     26603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     26603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       702217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       702217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       702217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       702217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       702217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       702217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23438.766520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23438.766520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23438.766520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23438.766520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23438.766520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23438.766520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     19946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     19946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     19946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20798.748697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20798.748697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20798.748697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20798.748697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20798.748697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20798.748697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 49522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse                91.804068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                 1657937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                 50027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                 33.140844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle           15470991000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    91.804068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.179305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.179305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       931829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         931829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data       725976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        725976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      1657805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         1657805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      1657805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        1657805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       214050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        25340                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25340                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       239390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        239390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       239390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       239390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11500142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11500142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1536134261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1536134261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       245000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       245000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       179000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       179000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13036276261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13036276261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13036276261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13036276261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1145879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       751316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      1897195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1897195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      1897195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1897195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.186800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.186800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.033727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.307692                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.478261                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.478261                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53726.428405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53726.428405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60620.925848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60620.925848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15312.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15312.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8136.363636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8136.363636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54456.227332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54456.227332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54456.227332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54456.227332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1022998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    953528997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               60                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20420                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 17049.966667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46695.837267                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            20252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       176382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        12876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       189258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       189258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       189258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       189258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        50132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        50132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2048615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2048615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    792561655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    792561655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       139000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       116000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       116000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2841176655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2841176655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2841176655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2841176655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.016590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.456522                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456522                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54386.083678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54386.083678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63588.066030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63588.066030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11583.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11583.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5523.809524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5523.809524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56673.913967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56673.913967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56673.913967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56673.913967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     1178967                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      9149                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 1188116                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     762608                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     3912                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                 766520                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     1941575                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     13061                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                 1954636                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     708637                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                       89                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 708726                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         3368642                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                  585916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted            581228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11414                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               280043                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  272212                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2148                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 57                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             19017                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                       7561242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                     585916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches            274360                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                      1195387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                  90244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles               2007186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  33                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        38055                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1312                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                   708637                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  419                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples           3338260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.265025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.357237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                 2142873     64.19%     64.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                  111353      3.34%     67.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    2377      0.07%     67.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                   78564      2.35%     69.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                  144433      4.33%     74.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   23415      0.70%     74.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                   40998      1.23%     76.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                   85328      2.56%     78.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                  708919     21.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total             3338260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.173932                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       2.244596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                  246604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles              1792507                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                   983495                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles               200568                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                 77031                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved                2340                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts               7491777                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                  972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                 77031                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                  422197                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                1251223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          3901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                  1001509                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles               544344                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts               7417949                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                    7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 49561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents               372435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents           10130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands            5730290                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups             11437851                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups         5156395                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6281456                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps              5200237                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                  530053                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               191                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                  1675768                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads             1217215                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores             806129                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            41648                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           10971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7241701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7064842                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            22552                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         585191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       341193                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3338260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.116325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.386980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1500806     44.96%     44.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             260116      7.79%     52.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             285864      8.56%     61.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             286332      8.58%     69.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             271352      8.13%     78.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             304309      9.12%     87.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             293544      8.79%     95.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              81711      2.45%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54226      1.62%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3338260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  64594     32.16%     32.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     32.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     32.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4401      2.19%     34.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     34.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     34.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29733     14.80%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 90242     44.92%     94.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11913      5.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3409866     48.27%     48.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 157      0.00%     48.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951763     13.47%     61.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737304     10.44%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1199017     16.97%     89.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             766731     10.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total               7064842                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          2.097237                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     200883                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028434                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10106819                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3885826                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3321178                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7584560                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3941299                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3683633                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses               3408352                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3857369                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        69687                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        55196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11846                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                 77031                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                 957170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48322                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7311399                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1217215                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              806129                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33567                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4848                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6430                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4957                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts               11387                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7032377                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1188117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            32465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        69493                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                     1954637                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                  537652                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                    766520                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    2.087600                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                       7023416                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                      7004811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                  5002706                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                  7714073                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      2.079417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648517                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6724374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps         6724374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts         562574                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             87                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts            11175                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3223174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.086258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.953618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1845695     57.26%     57.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       105555      3.27%     60.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       244830      7.60%     68.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       194926      6.05%     74.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       181434      5.63%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80910      2.51%     82.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        40557      1.26%     83.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63383      1.97%     85.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       465884     14.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3223174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts             6724374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps               6724374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                       1898461                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                      1147528                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                    493026                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                  4967564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                1553                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events               465884                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                    10029860                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                   14650931                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                           2663                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                          30382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                    15450743                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    6656052                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6656052                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total              6656052                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.506102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.506102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.975886                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.975886                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                 6865444                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                2635119                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                  4076712                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                 2854584                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                     59                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                    55                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                58.712163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                  707809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                970.931413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    58.712163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.114672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.114672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       707809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         707809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       707809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          707809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       707809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         707809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       708637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       708637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       708637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       708637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       708637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       708637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20149.758454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20149.758454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20149.758454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20149.758454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20149.758454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20149.758454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     13065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     13065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     13065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17921.810700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17921.810700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17921.810700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17921.810700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17921.810700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17921.810700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 49341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                91.811629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                 1656692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                 49846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                 33.236208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle           15469237000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    91.811629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.179320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.179320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data       930978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         930978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data       725647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        725647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      1656625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         1656625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      1656625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        1656625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       213530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       213530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data        25259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       238789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        238789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       238789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       238789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11477341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11477341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1528888294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1528888294                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       163000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       163000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       192000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       192000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13006229294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13006229294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13006229294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13006229294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1144508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data       750906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       750906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      1895414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1895414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      1895414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1895414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.186569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.186569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.290323                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.290323                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53750.484709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53750.484709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 60528.456946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60528.456946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18111.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18111.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        16000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54467.455762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54467.455762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54467.455762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54467.455762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1075000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    951158998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               57                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20407                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 18859.649123                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46609.447641                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20236                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            20236                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       176054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        12832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       188886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       188886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        37476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2044302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2044302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    787798661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    787798661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       156000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2832100661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2832100661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2832100661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2832100661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.032744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.161290                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161290                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54549.631764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54549.631764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63394.114509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63394.114509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         2600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56752.112318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56752.112318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56752.112318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56752.112318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
