
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.066175                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 66175482000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                66175482000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 144161                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   144161                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               16289730                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 371240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4062.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   585640231                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     585640231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           228736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          1438336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            18240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           719808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data           734720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             8128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data           754688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3906240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       228736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        18240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         8128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          258688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2397696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2397696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              3574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             22474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             11247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             11480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst               127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data             11792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 61035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           37464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                37464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             3456507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            21735180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              275631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            10877261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               54159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data            11102601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              122825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data            11404345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                59028508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        3456507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         275631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          54159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         122825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            3909122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          36232392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               36232392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          36232392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            3456507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           21735180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             275631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           10877261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              54159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data           11102601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             122825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data           11404345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               95260900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             806                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                          63480                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       3684.006329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           672998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           9.973739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                    34145701000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1137.245738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            140.532826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            668.155639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst             18.195831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            535.016501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              3.537335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            550.706154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst             12.595059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            618.021245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.277648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.034310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.163124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.004442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.130619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.000864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.134450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.003075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.150884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.899416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst              318398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data               75190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data               65306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                 541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data               64288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data               66165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  590667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           101338                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                101338                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              166                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              168                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              140                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              143                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  617                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               249                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               130                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   536                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               318398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                75439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                65378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                64418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                66250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   591203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              318398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               75439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               65378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 541                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               64418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               66250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  591203                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              3616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             13369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             10160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             10399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data             10677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 48898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            1125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            1129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            1150                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               12530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              11285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              11528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              11827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  61428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3616                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22495                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               370                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             11285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             11528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             11827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 61428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    187687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    706528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    538355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    552382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      9264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    565475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2584244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       213000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       105000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       370000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    481523000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     59272000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     59360000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     60390000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     660545000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    187687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1188051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    597627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    611742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      9264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    625865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3244789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    187687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1188051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18745000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    597627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    611742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      9264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    625865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3244789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          322014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data           88559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst             647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data           75466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst             662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data           74687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst             688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data           76842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              639565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       101338                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            101338                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          174                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          172                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          142                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9375                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          1197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          1259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             13066                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           322014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            97934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst              647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            76663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst              662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            75946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst              688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            78077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               652631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          322014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           97934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst             647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           76663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst             662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           75946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst             688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           78077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              652631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.150962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.571870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.134630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.182779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.139234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.270349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.138947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.076455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045977                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023256                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.014085                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006944                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.023734                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.812500                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973440                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.939850                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.896743                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.931174                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.958977                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.011229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.229696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.571870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.147203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.182779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.151792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.270349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.151479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.094124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.229696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.571870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.147203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.182779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.151792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.270349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.151479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.094124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51904.590708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52848.230982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50662.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52987.696850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        48000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53118.761419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49806.451613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52961.974337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52849.687104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         6500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        53250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52763.861495                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52686.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52577.502214                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52513.043478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52717.079010                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51904.590708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52814.003112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50662.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52957.642889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        48000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53065.752949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49806.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52918.322482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52822.637885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51904.590708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52814.003112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50662.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52957.642889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        48000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53065.752949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49806.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52918.322482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52822.637885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                37464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     37464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             85                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             65                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        10351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        10642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            48506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          12530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         11247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         11480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         11792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             61036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           56                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        11480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        11792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            61036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    143054000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    545581000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    415393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    426421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5099000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    436516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1985765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       320000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       165000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       606000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       203000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       283000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       526000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    372011000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     45772000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     45812000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     46590000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    510185000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    143054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    917592000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    461165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    472233000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    483106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2495950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    143054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    917592000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    461165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    472233000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    483106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2495950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.150736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.440495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.134127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.084592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.138592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.184593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.138492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.075842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045977                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023256                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006944                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023734                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.939850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.896743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.931174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.440495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.084592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.151160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.184593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.151030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.093523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.440495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.084592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.151160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.184593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.151030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.093523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40026.301063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40870.552101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40129.824561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41038.628730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41196.116317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40149.606299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41018.229656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40938.543685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        41250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40600                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40428.571429                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40461.538462                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40763.861495                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40686.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40577.502214                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40513.043478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40717.079010                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40026.301063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40827.230256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40129.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41003.378679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41135.278746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40149.606299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40968.962008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40893.079494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40026.301063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40827.230256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40129.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41003.378679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41135.278746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40149.606299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40968.962008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40893.079494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    36749349                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     22127                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            4                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                36771476                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   14843744                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      613                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               14844357                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    51593093                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     22740                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            4                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                51615833                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                   26411158                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      288                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses               26411446                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        66034726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                27149024                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted          23455735                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            674216                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             19874454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                19093231                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                 1043237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                912                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           4650637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     191171868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   27149024                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          20136468                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     35694981                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2847892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              23303359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4647                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 26411158                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                25390                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          65823063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.904330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.144539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                30128082     45.77%     45.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2990663      4.54%     50.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1169495      1.78%     52.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1400503      2.13%     54.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 8438149     12.82%     67.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 7536487     11.45%     78.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1127056      1.71%     80.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  817685      1.24%     81.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12214943     18.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            65823063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.411133                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.895020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8234880                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             20363503                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 32103862                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2954180                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               2166638                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             2459332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 2764                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             188115957                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                13470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               2166638                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                11553522                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               12684711                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        417729                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 31457245                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              7543218                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             185137714                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                    7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 30768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              2824448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2793277                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          138347357                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            252219482                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        91107812                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        161111670                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            123877862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                14469495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             38500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         14330                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 26335169                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            36774162                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           15112218                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2187249                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1224782                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 173904919                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              26655                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                169552552                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           412673                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       13645213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8427751                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           446                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     65823063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.575884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.035506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           16064350     24.41%     24.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            7740653     11.76%     36.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            7177692     10.90%     47.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           12749139     19.37%     66.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            8910742     13.54%     79.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6350221      9.65%     89.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            6109890      9.28%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             607323      0.92%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             113053      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       65823063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  31176      1.05%      1.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               216410      7.32%      8.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    3      0.00%      8.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1178490     39.87%     48.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               183773      6.22%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     54.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1194487     40.41%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               151600      5.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63309955     37.34%     37.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                9318      0.01%     37.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     37.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37625922     22.19%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7390526      4.36%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9060866      5.34%     69.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             265409      0.16%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            36984382     21.81%     91.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           14906174      8.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             169552552                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.567627                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2955939                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017434                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         215275167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         82584684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     73083355                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193021612                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         104994975                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93442580                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              74857191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97651300                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1893286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2191229                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         8206                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3790                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       641909                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       637907                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4600                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               2166638                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                5948505                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1056511                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          180074124                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            75894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             36774162                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            15112218                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             14208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  2238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1357                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3790                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        992529                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106796                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1099325                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            167808325                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             36771534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1744227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      6142550                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    51615913                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                23402900                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  14844379                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.541213                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     167005384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    166525935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                103030160                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                123731624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.521793                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.832691                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts     166003860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps       166003860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       14071746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          26209                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           671545                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     63656425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.607810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.045368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23640959     37.14%     37.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11525298     18.11%     55.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5117340      8.04%     63.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4047845      6.36%     69.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3927216      6.17%     75.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       835750      1.31%     77.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1700251      2.67%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       882901      1.39%     81.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11978865     18.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     63656425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           166003860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             166003860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      49053242                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     34582933                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                      12292                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  22356545                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  91384389                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                106282302                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             1023330                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             11978865                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   231747810                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  362320053                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                          14581                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         211663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                      140738                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  160111943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    160111943                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total            160111943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.412428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.412428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.424663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.424663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               126641816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               56055769                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                109617553                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                73336387                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                  50996                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                 26952                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                321501                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.055639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                26086161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                322013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 81.009652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           12142887000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.055639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     26086161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       26086161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     26086161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        26086161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     26086161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       26086161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       324997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       324997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       324997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        324997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       324997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       324997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4721250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4721250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4721250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4721250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4721250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4721250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     26411158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26411158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     26411158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     26411158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     26411158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     26411158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14527.057173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14527.057173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14527.057173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14527.057173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14527.057173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14527.057173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         2983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         2983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         2983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       322014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       322014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       322014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       322014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       322014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       322014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3696160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3696160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3696160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3696160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3696160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3696160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11478.258709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11478.258709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11478.258709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11478.258709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11478.258709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11478.258709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                103447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               509.617810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                48422376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                103956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                465.796837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             133519000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   509.617810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.995347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.995347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     33964840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       33964840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     14430250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      14430250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        13436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        13424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     48395090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        48395090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     48395090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       48395090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       236204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       236204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        26584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       262788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        262788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       262788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       262788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3887995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3887995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1462056127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1462056127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2403000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2403000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       529000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       529000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5350051127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5350051127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5350051127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5350051127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     34201044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34201044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     14456834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14456834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     48657878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48657878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     48657878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48657878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007168                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007168                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003785                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.003785                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16460.326667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16460.326667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54997.597314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54997.597314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24773.195876                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24773.195876                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10372.549020                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10372.549020                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20358.810627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20358.810627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20358.810627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20358.810627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       454944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     60486000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets           2343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  4504.396040                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 25815.620999                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        34658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            34658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       141335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       158287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       158287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       158287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       158287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        94869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        94869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       104501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       104501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1696760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1696760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    508280169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    508280169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1849000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1849000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       379000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       379000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2205040169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2205040169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2205040169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2205040169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006059                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006059                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003711                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003711                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17885.294459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17885.294459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52769.951100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52769.951100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22548.780488                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22548.780488                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         7580                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7580                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21100.660941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21100.660941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21100.660941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21100.660941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    32381998                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     20833                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                32402831                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   12701227                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       59                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               12701286                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    45083225                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     20892                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                45104117                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                   23624677                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      102                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses               23624779                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        53877083                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                22947124                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20732016                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            569015                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17735192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17444671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  776325                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 94                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles            554397                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     168868138                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                   22947124                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          18220996                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     31395174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2397904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              19998341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  38                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        25183                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1311                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 23624677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          53801537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.138723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.131756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                22406363     41.65%     41.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 2376704      4.42%     46.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  667199      1.24%     47.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1258497      2.34%     49.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 7681642     14.28%     63.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 7152306     13.29%     77.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1358426      2.52%     79.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  460309      0.86%     80.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                10440091     19.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            53801537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.425916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       3.134322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 3739888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             17373955                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 28360752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              2474962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1826797                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1436679                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  305                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             166204078                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1237                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1826797                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 6523758                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               12001280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         10939                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 27831047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              5582533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             163508165                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 25659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              2771068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1033310                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          123647122                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            226441482                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        65068139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        161373343                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            110946890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                12700232                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           414                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 22228567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            32339278                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           12857500                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1956786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1048487                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 153556676                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149526100                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           374340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11644352                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7781088                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53801537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.779216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.017084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           11236835     20.89%     20.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5690520     10.58%     31.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5467620     10.16%     41.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11681616     21.71%     63.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7738725     14.38%     77.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            5750972     10.69%     88.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5581153     10.37%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             573954      1.07%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              80142      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53801537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2944      0.11%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               214587      8.00%      8.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    6      0.00%      8.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1106114     41.22%     49.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               184135      6.86%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1110812     41.40%     97.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                64706      2.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49615966     33.18%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37912987     25.36%     58.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7392949      4.94%     63.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9042366      6.05%     69.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             262807      0.18%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32578373     21.79%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12720642      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149526100                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          2.775319                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2683304                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017945                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162726106                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60087477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53159519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193185275                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         105116116                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93567897                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              54525225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97684175                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1598724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1790084                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          238                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2123                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       389485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       637183                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          324                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1826797                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                5959755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1041568                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          158833130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            69622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32339278                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            12857500                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               368                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   880                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1442                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2123                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        909072                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        76288                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              985360                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            147937090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32402842                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1589010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                      5275998                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    45104128                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                19529937                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  12701286                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    2.745826                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147186847                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    146727416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 93323147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                111807744                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      2.723373                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.834675                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147007536                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps       147007536                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11828075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           568719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51949557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.829813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.151214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18615372     35.83%     35.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      9016654     17.36%     53.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3207430      6.17%     59.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3461558      6.66%     66.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3522382      6.78%     72.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       642265      1.24%     74.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1598197      3.08%     77.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       784279      1.51%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11101420     21.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51949557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           147007536                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147007536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      43017209                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     30549194                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                  18779241                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  91534043                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 88437892                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              771289                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             11101420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   199682305                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  319499887                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                           4953                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                          75546                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                    12298358                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  141853352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    141853352                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total            141853352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.379808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.379808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              2.632907                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        2.632907                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               101623168                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               41753374                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                110037357                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                73550219                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                    237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   219                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               270.376676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                23623872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs              36512.939722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   270.376676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.528079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.528079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     23623872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23623872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     23623872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        23623872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     23623872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       23623872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     29820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     29820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     29820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     29820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     29820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     23624677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23624677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     23624677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     23624677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     23624677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     23624677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37043.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37043.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37043.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37043.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37043.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37043.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35731.066461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35731.066461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35731.066461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35731.066461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35731.066461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35731.066461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 82558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               406.965109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                42402705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 83055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                510.537656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   406.965109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.794854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.794854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     29939813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29939813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     12462347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12462347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     42402160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        42402160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     42402160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       42402160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       205887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         5559                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5559                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       211446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        211446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       211446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       211446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3230230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3230230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    287225996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    287225996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       288000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        25000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        25000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3517455996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3517455996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3517455996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3517455996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     30145700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30145700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     12467906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12467906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     42613606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42613606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     42613606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42613606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.006830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.098214                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.098214                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045872                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15689.334441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15689.334441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51668.644720                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51668.644720                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26181.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26181.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16635.244914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16635.244914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16635.244914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16635.244914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     12293000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets           1074                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 11445.996276                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            22279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       123758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         4135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       127893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       127893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        82129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1415060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1415060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66420996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66420996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       235000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       235000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1481480996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1481480996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1481480996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1481480996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.089286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045872                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17229.723971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17229.723971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46643.957865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46643.957865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        23500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17731.032949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17731.032949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17731.032949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17731.032949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    32367915                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     20754                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                32388669                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   12692556                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       72                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               12692628                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    45060471                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     20826                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                45081297                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                   23606715                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      132                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses               23606847                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        53891774                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                22961588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20743379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            573708                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17708563                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17445808                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  776408                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 93                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles            551944                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     168853137                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   22961588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          18222216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     31384584                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                2409051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              20024521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  40                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        24977                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1502                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 23606715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  399                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          53821049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.137307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.131613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                22436465     41.69%     41.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 2371527      4.41%     46.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  652411      1.21%     47.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1267861      2.36%     49.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 7680044     14.27%     63.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 7148969     13.28%     77.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1359429      2.53%     79.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  483134      0.90%     80.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                10421209     19.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            53821049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.426069                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       3.133189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 3742675                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             17399747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 28340256                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              2480218                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1833176                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             1439611                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             166163038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1339                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1833176                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 6526359                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               12004067                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         10309                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 27818948                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              5603213                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             163443755                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 26026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              2796837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1026151                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          123592229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            226363812                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        65015699                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        161348113                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            110915781                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                12676448                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               466                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           439                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 22161731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            32332412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores           12854732                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1988494                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1128816                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 153506655                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149444133                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           379424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11634250                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7832842                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           185                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53821049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.776686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.013670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           11266298     20.93%     20.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5649438     10.50%     31.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5478746     10.18%     41.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11676185     21.69%     63.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7827752     14.54%     77.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            5728089     10.64%     88.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5568245     10.35%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             562643      1.05%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              63653      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53821049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2925      0.11%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               200076      7.36%      7.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    5      0.00%      7.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      7.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1156151     42.55%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               183268      6.74%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     56.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1110082     40.86%     97.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                64613      2.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49572862     33.17%     33.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37906208     25.36%     58.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7385499      4.94%     63.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9038557      6.05%     69.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             262533      0.18%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32563494     21.79%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12714970      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149444133                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          2.773042                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2717120                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162663517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60033286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53118747                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193142342                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         105110251                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93523140                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              54482835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97678414                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1598546                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1793133                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          257                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       391551                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       637361                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          544                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1833176                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                5959318                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1040375                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          158781495                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            64409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32332412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            12854732                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   835                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1334                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2144                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        908593                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        78225                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              986818                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            147853194                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32388694                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1590939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      5274340                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    45081322                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                19520653                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                  12692628                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    2.743521                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147105531                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    146641887                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 93227357                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                111721140                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      2.721044                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.834465                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts     146965841                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps       146965841                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11817906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            315                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           573403                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51962896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.828284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.150587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18683398     35.96%     35.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8876143     17.08%     53.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3270275      6.29%     59.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3552642      6.84%     66.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3467311      6.67%     72.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       652400      1.26%     74.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1569101      3.02%     77.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       787636      1.52%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11103990     21.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51962896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           146965841                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             146965841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      43002460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     30539279                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  18776811                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  91509855                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 88409602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              771035                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             11103990                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   199641210                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  319402569                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                           4632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                          70725                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                    12283669                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  141814256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    141814256                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total            141814256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.380017                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.380017                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              2.631464                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        2.631464                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               101555225                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               41726029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                109985200                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                73515595                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                    245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   227                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse               273.248678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                23605941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs              35658.521148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   273.248678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.533689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.533689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23605941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23605941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23605941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23605941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23605941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23605941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     16816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     16816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     16816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     23606715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23606715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     23606715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     23606715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     23606715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     23606715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21726.098191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21726.098191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21726.098191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21726.098191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21726.098191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21726.098191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13220000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13220000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19969.788520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19969.788520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19969.788520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19969.788520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19969.788520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19969.788520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 83014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse               409.681205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                42387211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                 83515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                507.540095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   409.681205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.800159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.800159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     29929534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29929534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     12457144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12457144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           97                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           97                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     42386678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        42386678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     42386678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       42386678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       201950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       201950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         5924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       207874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        207874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       207874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       207874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3221140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3221140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    292058999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    292058999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       134000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       134000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       142000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       142000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3513198999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3513198999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3513198999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3513198999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     30131484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30131484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     12463068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12463068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     42594552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42594552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     42594552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42594552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.103448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.141593                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.141593                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15950.185690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15950.185690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 49300.978899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49300.978899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data         8875                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16900.617677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16900.617677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16900.617677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16900.617677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     12726000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets           1090                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 11675.229358                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            22312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       119441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         4444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       123885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       123885                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123885                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        82509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        83989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        83989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1425444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1425444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     66612999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66612999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        98000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        98000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        94000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1492056999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1492056999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1492056999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1492056999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103448                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103448                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.141593                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141593                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17276.224412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17276.224412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45008.783108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45008.783108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         5875                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5875                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17764.909679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17764.909679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17764.909679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17764.909679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    32388718                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                     21541                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                32410259                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   12703036                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       61                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               12703097                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    45091754                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     21602                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                45113356                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                   23632695                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      126                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses               23632821                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        53958178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                22574597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20731360                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            568153                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             18060057                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17826226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  776492                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 88                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles            553112                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                     168910749                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                   22574597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches          18602718                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     31401137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                2399312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles              20071916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  41                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        25368                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1553                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 23632695                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          53882457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.134800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.110304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                22481320     41.72%     41.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 2026322      3.76%     45.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                  643496      1.19%     46.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1628581      3.02%     49.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 7686226     14.26%     63.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 7155474     13.28%     77.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1706299      3.17%     80.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                  486288      0.90%     81.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                10068451     18.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            53882457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.418372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       3.130401                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                 3756888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             17428915                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 28349342                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              2492929                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles               1829015                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved             1064658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  324                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             166245982                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                 1386                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles               1829015                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                 6537919                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles               12015258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         11022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 27840478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles              5623397                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             163500901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 25990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents              2794079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1033929                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          124011268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            227146416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups        65084484                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162061932                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            111275897                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                12735371                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 22243225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            32352821                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores           12861118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2014728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1194802                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 153594330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                470                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149522497                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           379100                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11675842                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7861961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           159                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53882457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.774975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.008718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           11234515     20.85%     20.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5613508     10.42%     31.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5581804     10.36%     41.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11785392     21.87%     63.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7776711     14.43%     77.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            5751617     10.67%     88.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5510997     10.23%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             565010      1.05%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              62903      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53882457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2968      0.11%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               198310      7.35%      7.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    7      0.00%      7.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      7.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1106382     40.98%     48.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               183936      6.81%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1143213     42.35%     97.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                64891      2.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49280051     32.96%     32.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     32.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     32.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           38229637     25.57%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7395041      4.95%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9043364      6.05%     69.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             262909      0.18%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32588260     21.79%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12723225      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149522497                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          2.771081                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2699707                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018056                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162137648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         59738054                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     52825277                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193868610                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         105534739                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93873115                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              54190164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               98032036                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1599839                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1802177                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          229                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       392443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       637784                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          421                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles               1829015                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                5966294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1040917                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          158872394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            64033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32352821                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            12861118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               361                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   827                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1290                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        913018                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        72224                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts              985242                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            147910037                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32410276                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1612460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                      5277594                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    45113373                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                19180648                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                  12703097                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    2.741198                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147158423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    146698392                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                 93668855                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                112566650                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      2.718743                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.832119                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147016266                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps       147016266                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11858578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts           567838                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     52028074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.825710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.152731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18738359     36.02%     36.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8980861     17.26%     53.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3226882      6.20%     59.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3415610      6.56%     66.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3504270      6.74%     72.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       672356      1.29%     74.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1574625      3.03%     77.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       812687      1.56%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11102424     21.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     52028074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts           147016266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147016266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      43019319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     30550644                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                  18457034                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  91859907                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 88443204                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              771412                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             11102424                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   199799038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  319580614                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                           4912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                          75721                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                    12217275                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  141860680                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    141860680                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total            141860680                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.380360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.380360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              2.629086                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        2.629086                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               101646494                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               41764924                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                110641418                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                73857820                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                    245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   227                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   315                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse               272.286213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                23631867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs              34348.643895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   272.286213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.531809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.531809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     23631867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23631867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     23631867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        23631867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     23631867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       23631867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     20932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     20932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     20932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     23632695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23632695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     23632695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     23632695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     23632695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     23632695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 25280.193237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25280.193237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 25280.193237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25280.193237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 25280.193237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25280.193237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16331000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16331000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16331000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16331000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16331000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16331000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 23736.918605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23736.918605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 23736.918605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23736.918605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 23736.918605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23736.918605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 85315                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse               407.267146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                42413367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                 85816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                494.236121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   407.267146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.795444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.795444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     29950047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29950047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     12462799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12462799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           55                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           55                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     42412846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        42412846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     42412846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       42412846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       200553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         5763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       206316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        206316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       206316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       206316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3255933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3255933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    292977997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    292977997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       686000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       686000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3548910997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3548910997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3548910997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3548910997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     30150600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30150600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     12468562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12468562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     42619162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42619162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     42619162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42619162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.239316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.239316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.513274                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.513274                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16234.775845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16234.775845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 50837.757592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50837.757592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7928.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7928.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11827.586207                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11827.586207                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17201.336770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17201.336770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17201.336770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17201.336770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     12552000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets            997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 12589.769308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            22089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       115731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       115731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         4295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       120026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       120026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       120026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       120026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        84822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        84822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        86290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        86290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1459474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     67087998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67087998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       138000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       138000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       512000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       512000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1526561998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1526561998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1526561998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1526561998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.239316                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239316                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.513274                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513274                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17206.314400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17206.314400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 45700.271117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45700.271117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4928.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4928.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8827.586207                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8827.586207                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17691.064990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17691.064990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17691.064990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17691.064990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
