
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.063788                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63787773000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                63787773000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 143573                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   143573                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15637881                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 371580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4079.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   585641146                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     585641146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           234176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          1432320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           719104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data           726016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             8768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data           753536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3896128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       234176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         4288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         8768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          265152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2398848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2398848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              3659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             22380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             11236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             11344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst               137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data             11774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 60877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           37482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                37482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             3671174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            22454460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              280932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            11273383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               67223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data            11381742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              137456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data            11813173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                61079543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        3671174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         280932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          67223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         137456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            4156784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          37606706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               37606706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          37606706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            3671174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           22454460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             280932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           11273383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              67223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data           11381742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             137456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data           11813173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               98686248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             806                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                          63368                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       3712.748092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           670826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           9.957783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                    32221095000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1128.963494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            135.642757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            678.730412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst             18.108047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            537.512777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              4.643988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            564.903917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst             12.941813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            631.300888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.275626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.033116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.165706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.004421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.131229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.001134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.137916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.003160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.154126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.906433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst              315673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data               75227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data               65249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                 546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data               64351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data               66104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  587924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           101913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                101913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              167                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              170                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              139                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              140                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  616                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                97                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   550                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               315673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                75480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                65316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                64484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                66201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   588474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              315673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               75480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 280                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               65316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               64484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               66201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  588474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              3681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             13296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             10157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             10251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data             10670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 48757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9104                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            1127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            1121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            1138                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               12490                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              11284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              11372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              11808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  61247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3681                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22400                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             11284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             11372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             11808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 61247                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    191288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    700207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    535861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    541135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    563140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2566791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       156000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       156000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       364000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    478229000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     59306000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     58921000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     59859000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     656315000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    191288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1178436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    595167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    600056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    622999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3223106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    191288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1178436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    595167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    600056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    622999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3223106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          319354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data           88523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst             649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data           75406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst             667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data           74602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst             706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data           76774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              636681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       101913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            101913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          142                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              631                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9357                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          1194                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          1254                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             13040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           319354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            97880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst              649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            76600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst              667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            75856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst              706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            78009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               649721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          319354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           97880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst             649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           76600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst             667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           75856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst             706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           78009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              649721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.150198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.568567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.134698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.181409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.137409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.300283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.138979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.076580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051136                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017341                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.021127                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.023772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545455                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.619048                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.943886                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.893939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.921457                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.957822                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.011526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.228852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.568567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.147311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.181409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.149916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.300283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.151367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.094267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.228852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.568567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.147311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.181409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.149916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.300283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.151367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.094267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51966.313502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52662.981348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50365.853659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52757.802501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49074.380165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52788.508438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50174.528302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52777.881912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52644.563857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5777.777778                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24266.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52529.547452                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52622.892635                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52561.106155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52600.175747                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52547.237790                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51966.313502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52608.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50365.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52744.328252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49074.380165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52766.092156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50174.528302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52760.755420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52624.716313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51966.313502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52608.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50365.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52744.328252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49074.380165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52766.092156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50174.528302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52760.755420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52624.716313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                37482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     37482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             89                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             75                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        10223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        10636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            48388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9104                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          12490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         11236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         11344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         11774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             60878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        11344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        11774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            60878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    146485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    540226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    412754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    417327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    434099000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1970342000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       362000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       120000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       120000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       602000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       240000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       240000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       520000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    368981000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     45782000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     45469000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     46203000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    506435000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    146485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    909207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    458536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    462796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    480302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2476777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    146485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    909207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    458536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    462796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    480302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2476777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.149984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.431433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.134061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.100450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.137034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.194051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.138536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.076000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051136                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017341                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.021127                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023772                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545455                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.943886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.893939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.921457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.431433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.100450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.149547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.194051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.150931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.093699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.431433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.100450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.149547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.194051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.150931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.093699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40034.162339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40688.860435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40135.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40830.349194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40283.582090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40822.361342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40248.175182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40814.121850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40719.641233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40222.222222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40133.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40529.547452                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40622.892635                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40561.106155                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40600.175747                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40547.237790                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40034.162339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40624.056119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40135.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40809.540762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40283.582090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40796.544429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40248.175182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40793.443180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40684.270180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40034.162339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40624.056119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40135.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40809.540762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40283.582090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40796.544429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40248.175182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40793.443180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40684.270180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    36905002                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     22227                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            4                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                36927229                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   14907323                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      704                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               14908027                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    51812325                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     22931                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            4                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                51835256                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                   26786929                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      335                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses               26787264                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        63706595                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                27630774                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted          23775319                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            696378                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             19806854                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                19318393                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                 1069083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect               1083                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           4621556                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     194781812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   27630774                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          20387476                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     36268936                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                3195102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              20165576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5135                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 26786929                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                32120                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          63555311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.064761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.159313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27286375     42.93%     42.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2991706      4.71%     47.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1215514      1.91%     49.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1433479      2.26%     51.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 8493655     13.36%     65.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 7601481     11.96%     77.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1167759      1.84%     78.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  852674      1.34%     80.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12512668     19.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            63555311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       3.057483                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8183200                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17260858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 32774329                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2845700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               2491224                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             2543540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 2849                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             191622314                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                13994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               2491224                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                11504883                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               10045014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        433664                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 32219816                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              6860710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             188482202                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 69423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              4640530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents              21                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          140731117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            256424728                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        94059945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162364783                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            123878636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                16852481                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             39687                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         14847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 25127621                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            37340143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           15363018                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2504885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1309159                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 176171603                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              26991                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                170565817                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           468727                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       15830645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10321295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           758                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     63555311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.683738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.083398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           15494728     24.38%     24.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6575873     10.35%     34.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            6238448      9.82%     44.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11995905     18.87%     63.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            9047030     14.23%     77.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            7108379     11.18%     88.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            6025637      9.48%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             912992      1.44%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             156319      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       63555311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  84573      2.83%      2.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      2.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               218234      7.31%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    3      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     10.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1253250     41.95%     52.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               185804      6.22%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1134949     37.99%     96.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               110457      3.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             64034104     37.54%     37.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                9331      0.01%     37.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     37.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37640370     22.07%     59.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7390840      4.33%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9064565      5.31%     69.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             265999      0.16%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            37201263     21.81%     91.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           14959345      8.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             170565817                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.677365                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2987270                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017514                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         214994922                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         85857678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     74020562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193148020                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106175027                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93462650                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              75847583                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97705504                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2372972                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2756965                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1812                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4263                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       892553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       639414                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        14776                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               2491224                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                8544680                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1196621                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          182454141                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            65739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             37340143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            15363018                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             14499                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 10487                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1892                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4263                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        997075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       123501                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1120576                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            168778953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             36927303                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1786864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      6255547                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    51835354                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                23578568                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  14908051                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.649317                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     168018344                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    167483212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                106029296                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                130551344                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.628978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.812165                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts     166004961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps       166004961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       16451554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          26233                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           693636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     61064087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.718537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.151714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23237012     38.05%     38.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10412724     17.05%     55.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4173044      6.83%     61.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3839858      6.29%     68.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3238919      5.30%     73.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       751431      1.23%     74.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1700839      2.79%     77.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873370      1.43%     78.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     12836890     21.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     61064087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           166004961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             166004961                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      49053643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     34583178                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                      12302                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  22356733                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  91384389                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                106283359                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             1023359                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             12836890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   230678304                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  367409245                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                          12418                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         151284                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                       81159                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  160113030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    160113030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total            160113030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.397885                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.397885                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.513288                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.513288                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               127782730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               56784783                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                109648049                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                73372008                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                  51023                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                 26978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                318841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.118301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                26462115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                319353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 82.861645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           10553188000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.118301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     26462115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       26462115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     26462115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        26462115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     26462115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       26462115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       324814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       324814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       324814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        324814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       324814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       324814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4699506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4699506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4699506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4699506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4699506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4699506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     26786929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26786929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     26786929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     26786929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     26786929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     26786929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14468.298780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14468.298780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14468.298780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14468.298780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14468.298780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14468.298780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       319354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       319354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       319354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       319354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       319354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       319354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3669647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3669647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3669647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3669647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3669647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3669647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11490.844016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11490.844016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11490.844016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11490.844016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11490.844016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11490.844016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                103404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               509.380670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                48051584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                103913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                462.421295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             128260000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   509.380670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.994884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.994884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     33593838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       33593838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     14430360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      14430360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        13573                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13573                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        13426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     48024198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        48024198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     48024198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       48024198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       281555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       281555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        26617                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26617                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       308172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        308172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       308172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       308172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4554585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4554585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1466587129                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1466587129                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2561000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2561000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       681000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       681000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6021172129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6021172129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6021172129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6021172129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     33875393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33875393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     14456977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14456977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     48332370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48332370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     48332370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48332370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001841                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001841                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008257                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008257                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004597                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16176.537444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16176.537444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55099.640418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55099.640418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22663.716814                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22663.716814                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10983.870968                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10983.870968                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19538.349133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19538.349133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19538.349133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19538.349133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       478942                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    130152000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets          11984                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  4695.509804                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 10860.480641                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            35208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       186699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       203699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       203699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        94856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        94856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       104473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       104473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1691248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1691248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    507341170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507341170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1840000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1840000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       495000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       495000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2198589170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2198589170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2198589170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2198589170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000665                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000665                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006357                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006357                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17829.636502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17829.636502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52754.618904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52754.618904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21149.425287                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21149.425287                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7983.870968                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7983.870968                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21044.568166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21044.568166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21044.568166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21044.568166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    32413150                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     20943                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            3                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                32434093                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   12702969                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       65                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               12703034                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    45116119                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     21008                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            3                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                45137127                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                   23725378                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      119                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses               23725497                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        53084756                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                23003625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20775344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            573584                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17759105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17463669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786066                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 91                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles            556483                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     170118839                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                   23003625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          18249735                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     31570842                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2519992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              18953751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        24883                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1582                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 23725378                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          53051945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.206647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.136071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                21481103     40.49%     40.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 2381055      4.49%     44.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  673008      1.27%     46.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1266818      2.39%     48.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 7691051     14.50%     63.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 7152773     13.48%     76.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1359140      2.56%     79.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  467571      0.88%     80.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                10579426     19.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            53051945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.433338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       3.204665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 3883723                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             16186316                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 28399769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              2613188                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1944066                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1439052                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             167461841                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1307                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1944066                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 6895390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                9890065                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         10709                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 27947007                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              6339825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             164739687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 56018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              4382766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents               8                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          124530482                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            228180526                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        65590221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162590305                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            110946786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                13583696                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           432                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 23397954                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            32599643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           13025177                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2232689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1150525                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154387567                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149670364                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           450141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12495850                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8900174                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53051945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.821204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.027422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10893448     20.53%     20.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5521408     10.41%     30.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5320678     10.03%     40.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11188748     21.09%     62.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7756386     14.62%     76.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6098851     11.50%     88.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5586840     10.53%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             584171      1.10%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             101415      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53051945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22801      0.83%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               219578      7.99%      8.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    8      0.00%      8.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1175827     42.77%     51.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               184531      6.71%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1100036     40.02%     98.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                46116      1.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49683920     33.20%     33.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37927754     25.34%     58.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7393522      4.94%     63.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9045676      6.04%     69.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             263220      0.18%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32625677     21.80%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12730585      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149670364                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          2.819460                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2748897                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018366                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162223540                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60602076                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53255162                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193368171                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106284316                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93586048                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              54635350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97783907                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1593883                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2050475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       648761                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10403                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1944066                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                8492305                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1190835                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159700908                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            57441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32599643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13025177                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               368                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  8166                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1979                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        912970                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        77353                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              990323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148078654                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32434113                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1591710                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                      5312885                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    45137147                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                19547548                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  12703034                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    2.789476                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147324431                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    146841210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 95049878                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                116737174                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      2.766165                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.814221                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147007367                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps       147007367                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12697803                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           573285                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51082996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.877814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.211193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18542249     36.30%     36.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8764966     17.16%     53.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3063330      6.00%     59.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3284477      6.43%     65.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2914384      5.71%     71.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       526819      1.03%     72.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1567676      3.07%     75.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       788137      1.54%     77.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11630958     22.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51082996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           147007367                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147007367                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      43017183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     30549168                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                  18779202                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  91534043                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 88437749                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              771289                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             11630958                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   199155765                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  321356380                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                           2934                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                          32811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                    10702973                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  141853209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    141853209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total            141853209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.374223                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.374223                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              2.672202                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        2.672202                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               101783145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               41838217                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                110065976                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                73584797                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                    237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   219                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               274.997548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                23724563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs              36555.567026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   274.997548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.537105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.537105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     23724563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23724563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     23724563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        23724563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     23724563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       23724563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     30242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     30242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     30242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     23725378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23725378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     23725378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     23725378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     23725378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     23725378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37106.748466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37106.748466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37106.748466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37106.748466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37106.748466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37106.748466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35449.922958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35449.922958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35449.922958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35449.922958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35449.922958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35449.922958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 82538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               415.931544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                42382386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 83036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                510.409774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   415.931544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.812366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.812366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     29919557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29919557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     12462351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12462351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     42381908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        42381908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     42381908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       42381908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       250533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       250533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         5555                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5555                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       256088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        256088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       256088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       256088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3836716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3836716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    289092996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    289092996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       311000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       311000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        25000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        25000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4125808996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4125808996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4125808996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4125808996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     30170090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30170090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     12467906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12467906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     42637996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42637996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     42637996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42637996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.104839                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.104839                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045872                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.006006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.006006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15314.214096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15314.214096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52041.943474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52041.943474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23923.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23923.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16110.903268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16110.903268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16110.903268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16110.903268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     74458000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets          10876                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6846.083119                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            22388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       168417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       168417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         4131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       172548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       172548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       172548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       172548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        82116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1415820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1415820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66765996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66765996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       238000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       238000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1482585996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482585996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1482585996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482585996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.080645                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080645                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045872                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17241.706854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17241.706854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46886.233146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46886.233146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        23800                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23800                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17747.019344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17747.019344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17747.019344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17747.019344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    32399084                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     20889                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            3                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                32419973                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   12693326                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       73                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               12693399                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    45092410                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     20962                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            3                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                45113372                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                   23709455                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      147                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses               23709602                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        53116757                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                23018214                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20786774                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            578459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17738000                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17464016                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 93                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles            554368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     170112884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   23018214                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          18250346                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     31560879                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                2530342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              18996999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  42                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        24743                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1693                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 23709455                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          53088547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.204324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.136055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                21527668     40.55%     40.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 2375710      4.47%     45.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  658758      1.24%     46.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1274672      2.40%     48.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 7689895     14.49%     63.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 7149198     13.47%     76.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1360074      2.56%     79.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  490948      0.92%     80.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                10561624     19.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            53088547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.433351                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       3.202622                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 3901022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             16217239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 28379483                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              2616547                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1949513                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             1442038                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             167412713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1387                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1949513                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 6898158                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                9924558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         11184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 27938165                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              6342226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             164684419                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 56354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              4383360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents              12                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          124481842                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            228116622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        65533535                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162583087                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            110915765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                13566077                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               689                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           661                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 23333779                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            32591687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores           13020381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2251940                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1188262                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154329763                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149582240                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           454424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12473611                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8950757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           262                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53088547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.817599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.022689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10908885     20.55%     20.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5509276     10.38%     30.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5326000     10.03%     40.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11216074     21.13%     62.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7798288     14.69%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6145837     11.58%     88.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5522149     10.40%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             578793      1.09%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              83245      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53088547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22728      0.82%      0.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               203319      7.34%      8.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    5      0.00%      8.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1225832     44.28%     52.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               183903      6.64%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1086733     39.26%     98.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                45730      1.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49634750     33.18%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37921923     25.35%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7385928      4.94%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9041730      6.04%     69.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             262909      0.18%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32611264     21.80%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12723726      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149582240                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          2.816103                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2768250                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018507                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162167261                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60535399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53207082                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193308440                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106271043                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93541557                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              54586685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97763801                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1593517                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2052412                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2512                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557202                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       648707                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         9881                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1949513                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                8489373                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1191179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159641490                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            55358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32591687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13020381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               466                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  8108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1881                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2512                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        912668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        78763                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              991431                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            147988248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32419995                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1593992                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      5311152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    45113394                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                19537871                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                  12693399                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    2.786093                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147234389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    146748639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 94944472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                116674038                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      2.762756                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.813758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts     146965822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps       146965822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12679381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           578149                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51114291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.875239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.211373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18628787     36.45%     36.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8641823     16.91%     53.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3127986      6.12%     59.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3359961      6.57%     66.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2839690      5.56%     71.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       546986      1.07%     72.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1523293      2.98%     75.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       811424      1.59%     77.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11634341     22.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51114291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           146965822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             146965822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      43002454                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     30539275                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  18776804                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  91509855                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 88409583                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              771031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             11634341                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   199123710                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  321241944                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                           2575                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                          28210                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                    10670984                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  141814233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    141814233                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total            141814233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.374552                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.374552                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              2.669859                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        2.669859                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               101708648                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               41803605                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                110014460                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                73549162                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                    245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   227                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse               280.135393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                23708682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs              35545.250375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   280.135393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.547139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.547139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23708682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23708682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23708682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23708682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23708682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23708682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     17070000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17070000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     17070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     17070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     23709455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23709455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     23709455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     23709455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     23709455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     23709455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22082.794308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22082.794308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22082.794308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22082.794308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22082.794308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22082.794308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20061.469265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20061.469265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20061.469265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20061.469265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20061.469265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20061.469265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 83019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse               418.737091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                42370191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                 83519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                507.312001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   418.737091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.817846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.817846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     29912559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29912559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     12457147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12457147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     42369706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        42369706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     42369706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       42369706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       243833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       243833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         5919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       249752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        249752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       249752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       249752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3778948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3778948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    292471996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    292471996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       140000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       140000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       160000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       160000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4071419996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4071419996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4071419996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4071419996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     30156392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30156392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     12463066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12463066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data          123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     42619458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42619458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     42619458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42619458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.008086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.097561                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097561                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150442                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.150442                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15498.099109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15498.099109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 49412.400068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49412.400068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9411.764706                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9411.764706                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16301.851421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16301.851421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16301.851421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16301.851421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     71077000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets          10167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6990.951116                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            22293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       161317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       161317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         4447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       165764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       165764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       165764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       165764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        82516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        83988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        83988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1407089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1407089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     66704997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66704997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       104000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       109000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       109000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1473793997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473793997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1473793997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473793997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.097561                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097561                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150442                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150442                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17052.317126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17052.317126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45315.894701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45315.894701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6411.764706                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6411.764706                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17547.673441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.673441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17547.673441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.673441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    32423621                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                     21667                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                32445288                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   12704394                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       64                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               12704458                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    45128015                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     21731                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                45149746                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                   23732921                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      137                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses               23733058                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        53154609                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                22628396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20771694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            572016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             18095128                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17842243                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786525                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 99                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles            555281                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                     170143430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                   22628396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches          18628768                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     31572535                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                2520098                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles              19022032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  40                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        24507                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1698                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 23732921                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  447                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          53122043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.202878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                21549508     40.57%     40.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 2029758      3.82%     44.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                  649169      1.22%     45.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1635051      3.08%     48.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 7695424     14.49%     63.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 7156033     13.47%     76.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1707294      3.21%     79.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                  493892      0.93%     80.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                10205914     19.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            53122043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.425709                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       3.200916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                 3901007                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             16235430                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 28382842                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              2632624                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles               1945633                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved             1066919                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             167491940                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                 1401                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles               1945633                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                 6911035                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                9900732                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         11563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 27950509                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles              6378064                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             164725485                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                  680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 56947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents              4401548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents              14                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          124888634                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            228875016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups        65595280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        163279736                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            111275888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                13612746                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               487                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           444                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 23416687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            32616715                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores           13029118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2251414                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1203324                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154423135                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                491                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149664933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           453451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12524717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8985863                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53122043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.817379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.019226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10880232     20.48%     20.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5441322     10.24%     30.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5441847     10.24%     40.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11301060     21.27%     62.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7789885     14.66%     76.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6084199     11.45%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5513724     10.38%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             584334      1.10%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              85440      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53122043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22658      0.82%      0.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               200466      7.24%      8.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    5      0.00%      8.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1180648     42.67%     50.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               185107      6.69%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1132367     40.92%     98.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                45887      1.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49342733     32.97%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           38244064     25.55%     58.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7394946      4.94%     63.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9047181      6.04%     69.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             263219      0.18%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32639981     21.81%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12732799      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149664933                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          2.815653                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2767138                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018489                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         161615714                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60245736                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     52917313                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          194056784                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106705245                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93892275                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              54297402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               98134665                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1596738                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2066069                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2655                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       560435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       649312                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         9955                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles               1945633                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                8494805                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1191402                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159739702                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            52874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32616715                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13029118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               383                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  7957                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1725                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2655                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        915681                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        73547                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts              989228                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148051080                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32445308                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1613853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                      5316076                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    45149766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                19197242                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                  12704458                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    2.785291                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147294777                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    146809588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                 95390532                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                117477587                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      2.761935                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.811989                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147016249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps       147016249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12727644                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            305                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts           571699                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51151903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.874111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.211907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18640130     36.44%     36.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8741409     17.09%     53.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3074683      6.01%     59.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3242713      6.34%     65.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2915790      5.70%     71.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       559155      1.09%     72.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1539495      3.01%     75.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       806794      1.58%     77.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11631734     22.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51151903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts           147016249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147016249                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      43019329                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     30550646                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                  18457027                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  91859907                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 88443196                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              771412                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             11631734                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   199262606                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  321435358                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                           2842                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                          32566                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                    10633136                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  141860674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    141860674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total            141860674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.374696                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.374696                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              2.668831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        2.668831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               101804888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               41847101                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                110669224                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                73894767                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                    237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   219                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse               280.835221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                23732068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs              33614.827195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   280.835221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.548506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.548506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     23732068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23732068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     23732068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        23732068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     23732068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       23732068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     22847000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22847000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     22847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     22847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     23732921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23732921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     23732921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     23732921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     23732921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     23732921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 26784.290739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26784.290739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 26784.290739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26784.290739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 26784.290739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26784.290739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     17730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     17730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     17730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 25113.314448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25113.314448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 25113.314448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25113.314448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 25113.314448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25113.314448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 85329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse               416.121252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                42398557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                 85830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                493.982955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   416.121252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.812737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.812737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     29935291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29935291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     12462820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12462820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     42398111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        42398111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     42398111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       42398111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       241739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       241739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         5754                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5754                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       247493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        247493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       247493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       247493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3812077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3812077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    293131997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    293131997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       214000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       214000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       645000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       645000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4105208997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4105208997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4105208997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4105208997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     30177030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30177030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     12468574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12468574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     42645604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42645604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     42645604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42645604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000461                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000461                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.232000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.232000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.559633                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.559633                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15769.391782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15769.391782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 50944.038408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50944.038408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7379.310345                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7379.310345                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 10573.770492                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10573.770492                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16587.172150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16587.172150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16587.172150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16587.172150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     71483000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets          10296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6942.793318                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            22024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       156897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         4289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       161186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       161186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       161186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       161186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        84842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        84842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        86307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        86307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1452183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     67065998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67065998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       115000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       115000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       462000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       462000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1519248998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1519248998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1519248998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1519248998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.224000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.559633                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559633                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17116.322105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17116.322105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 45778.838225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45778.838225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4107.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4107.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  7573.770492                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7573.770492                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17602.847950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17602.847950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17602.847950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17602.847950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
