
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.063761                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63760899000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                63760899000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 144119                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   144119                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15690732                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 371632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4063.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   585641293                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     585641293                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           230528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          1431040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            18624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           718464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data           727168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data           748864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3887808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       230528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        18624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         8896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          262272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2407616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2407616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              3602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             22360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             11226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             11362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst               139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data             11701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 60747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           37619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                37619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             3615507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            22443849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              292091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            11268097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               66247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data            11404607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              139521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data            11744878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                60974799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        3615507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         292091                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          66247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         139521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            4113367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          37760070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               37760070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          37760070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            3615507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           22443849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             292091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           11268097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              66247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data           11404607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             139521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data           11744878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               98734869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             806                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                          63209                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       3713.335301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           671293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           9.988439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                    32195916000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1119.005920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            132.829654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            670.714603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst             20.109929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            547.454875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              5.147686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            567.173498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst             11.670015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            639.229120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.273195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.032429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.163749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.004910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.133656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.001257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.138470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.002849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.156062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.906576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst              315692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data               75492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data               65189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                 537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data               64193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data               66135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  588015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           102270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                102270                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              164                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              170                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              142                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              143                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  619                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   543                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               315692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                75745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                65259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                64324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                66224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   588558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              315692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               75745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               65259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               64324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               66224                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  588558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              3624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             13262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             10152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             10273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data             10606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 48631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9119                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            1126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            1122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            1134                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               12501                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              11278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              11395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              11740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  61132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3624                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             11278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             11395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             11740                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 61132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    188230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    698187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    535577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    542538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    559999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2560221000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       217000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       104000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       373000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    479029000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     59259000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     59021000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     59684000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     656993000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    188230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1177216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    594836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    601559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    619683000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3217214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    188230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1177216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    594836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    601559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     10587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    619683000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3217214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          319316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data           88754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst             657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data           75341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst             667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data           74466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst             704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data           76741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              636646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       102270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            102270                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          174                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              635                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          1196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          1253                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             13044                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           319316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            98126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst              657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            76537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst              667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            75719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst              704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            77964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               649690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          319316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           98126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst             657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           76537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst             667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           75719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst             704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           77964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              649690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.149424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.566210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.134747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.194903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.137956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.301136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.138205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.076386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.052023                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022989                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.013889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006944                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.025197                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.740741                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.941472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.895451                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.927228                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.958372                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.011349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.228084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.566210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.147354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.194903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.150491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.301136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.150582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.094094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.228084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.566210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.147354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.194903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.150491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.301136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.150582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.094094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51939.845475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52645.679385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50725.806452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52755.811663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 47946.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52812.031539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49938.679245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52800.207430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52645.863749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5777.777778                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23312.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52530.869613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52627.886323                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52603.386809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52631.393298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52555.235581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51939.845475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52598.900853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50725.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52743.039546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 47946.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52791.487495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49938.679245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52783.901193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52627.331021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51939.845475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52598.900853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 50725.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52743.039546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 47946.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52791.487495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49938.679245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52783.901193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52627.331021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                37619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     37619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             81                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        10240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        10567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            48247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          12501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          3602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         11226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         11362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         11701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             60748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         3602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           66                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        11362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        11701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            60748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    144183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    538618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    412304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    418323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    431737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1965097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       361000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       169000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        80000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       650000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       441000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       321000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       802000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    369601000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     45747000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     45557000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     46076000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    506981000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    144183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    908219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    458051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    463880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    477813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2472078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    144183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    908219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    458051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    463880000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    477813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2472078000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.149199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.442922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.134057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.137512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.197443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.137697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.075783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.052023                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022989                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.013889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006944                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025197                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740741                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.941472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.895451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.927228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.227880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.442922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.197443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.150082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.093503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.227880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.442922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.146674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.098951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.197443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.150082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.093503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40028.595225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40674.973569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40137.457045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40822.178218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        40500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40851.855469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40136.690647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40857.102300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40729.931395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40111.111111                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40625                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40090.909091                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40125                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40100                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40530.869613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40627.886323                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40603.386809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40631.393298                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40555.235581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40028.595225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40616.206789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40137.457045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40802.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40827.319134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40136.690647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40835.227758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40693.981695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40028.595225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40616.206789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40137.457045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40802.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        40500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40827.319134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40136.690647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40835.227758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40693.981695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    36900882                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     22168                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            4                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                36923050                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   14903866                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      681                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               14904547                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    51804748                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     22849                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            4                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                51827597                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                   26769372                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      305                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses               26769677                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        63685671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                27598948                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted          23759019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            693797                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             19814590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                19304647                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                 1068572                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect               1251                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           4638111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     194641875                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   27598948                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches          20373219                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     36246963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                3177710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              20165378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4969                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 26769372                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                31797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          63534734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.063551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.159248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27287771     42.95%     42.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2996907      4.72%     47.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1208364      1.90%     49.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1434406      2.26%     51.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 8494358     13.37%     65.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 7594017     11.95%     77.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1161077      1.83%     78.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  851629      1.34%     80.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12506205     19.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            63534734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433362                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       3.056290                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8195473                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17260981                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 32756610                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2845214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               2476456                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             2535245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 2780                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             191495227                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                13954                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               2476456                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                11512931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               10046411                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        433692                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 32205544                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              6859700                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             188383476                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 69665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              4636762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          140670359                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            256313544                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        93925696                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162387848                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            123878808                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                16791551                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             39647                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         14826                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 25119314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            37327367                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores           15353979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2498860                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1289784                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 176123178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              27059                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                170546931                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           471615                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       15735785                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10275097                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           829                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     63534734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.684310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.083534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           15481765     24.37%     24.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6576547     10.35%     34.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            6237890      9.82%     44.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11986958     18.87%     63.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            9050514     14.24%     77.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            7106341     11.18%     88.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            6019793      9.47%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             918197      1.45%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             156729      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       63534734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  85042      2.84%      2.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      2.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               217504      7.27%     10.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    6      0.00%     10.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     10.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1258434     42.05%     52.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               186131      6.22%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     58.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1135840     37.95%     96.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               109820      3.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             64027148     37.54%     37.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                9327      0.01%     37.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     37.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37640556     22.07%     59.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7391003      4.33%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9064507      5.31%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             265881      0.16%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            37194332     21.81%     91.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           14954177      8.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             170546931                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.677948                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2992777                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017548                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         214928206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         85691219                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     74012503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193164782                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106198242                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93463746                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              75824371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97715337                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2376124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2744224                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1797                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3819                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       883611                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       639647                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        14866                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               2476456                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                8546522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1195606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          182404513                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            66415                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             37327367                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            15353979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             14524                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 10273                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1845                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3819                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        998572                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121351                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1119923                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            168770223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             36923133                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1776708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      6254276                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    51827707                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                23580222                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                  14904574                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.650050                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     168007574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    167476249                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                106029183                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                130538572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.629732                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.812244                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts     166005303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps       166005303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       16401608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          26230                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           691076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     61058278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.718801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.151522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23225478     38.04%     38.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10416420     17.06%     55.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4172308      6.83%     61.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3844544      6.30%     68.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3239594      5.31%     73.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       749978      1.23%     74.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1702115      2.79%     77.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873049      1.43%     78.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     12834792     21.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     61058278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           166005303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             166005303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      49053511                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     34583143                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                      12299                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                  22356872                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  91384389                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                106283604                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls             1023340                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             12834792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   230625041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  367295336                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                          12407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         150937                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                       75203                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  160113262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    160113262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total            160113262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.397754                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.397754                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.514118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.514118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               127776764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               56773378                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                109648223                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                73373818                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                  51020                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                 26976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                318803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.119119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                26444810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                319315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 82.817312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           10527534000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.119119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     26444810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       26444810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     26444810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        26444810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     26444810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       26444810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       324562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       324562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       324562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        324562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       324562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       324562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4695258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4695258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4695258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4695258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4695258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4695258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     26769372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26769372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     26769372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     26769372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     26769372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     26769372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14466.444008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14466.444008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14466.444008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14466.444008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14466.444008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14466.444008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         5246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       319316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       319316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       319316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       319316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       319316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       319316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3666851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3666851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3666851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3666851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3666851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3666851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11483.455261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11483.455261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11483.455261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11483.455261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11483.455261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11483.455261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                103452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               508.954039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                48043287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                103961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                462.127981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             128258000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   508.954039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.994051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.994051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     33585632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       33585632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     14430251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      14430251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        13594                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13594                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        13417                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13417                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     48015883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        48015883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     48015883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       48015883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       282162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       282162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        26630                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26630                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       308792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        308792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       308792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       308792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4558109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4558109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1465211127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1465211127                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2651000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2651000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       979000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       979000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6023320127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6023320127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6023320127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6023320127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     33867794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33867794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     14456881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14456881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     48324675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48324675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     48324675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48324675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008099                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008099                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.005190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16154.227004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16154.227004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55021.071235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55021.071235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23882.882883                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23882.882883                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13985.714286                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13985.714286                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19506.075698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19506.075698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19506.075698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19506.075698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       478942                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    130168000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets          12028                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  4695.509804                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 10822.081809                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            35073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       187266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       187266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       204261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       204261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        94896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        94896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       104531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       104531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1687649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1687649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    507864169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507864169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1901000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1901000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       769000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       769000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2195513169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2195513169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2195513169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2195513169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005190                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005190                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17784.195330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17784.195330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52710.344473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52710.344473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21602.272727                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21602.272727                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10985.714286                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10985.714286                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21003.464704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21003.464704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21003.464704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21003.464704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    32415634                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     20973                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                32436607                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   12702888                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       65                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               12702953                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    45118522                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     21038                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                45139560                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                   23723540                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      128                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses               23723668                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        53077939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                23001876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20773350                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            572762                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17773016                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17463481                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles            555871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     170089652                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                   23001876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches          18249616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     31565866                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2518436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              18952842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        24833                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1543                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 23723540                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  431                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          53044627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.206539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.135991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                21478761     40.49%     40.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 2380839      4.49%     44.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  672538      1.27%     46.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1266118      2.39%     48.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 7689776     14.50%     63.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 7153003     13.48%     76.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1358972      2.56%     79.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  469528      0.89%     80.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                10575092     19.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            53044627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.433360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       3.204526                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 3882110                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             16185519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 28393930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              2614901                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1943334                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1439099                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  307                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             167440490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1302                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1943334                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 6893495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                9888792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         11377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 27944211                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              6338585                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             164722092                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 55977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              4382615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          124517226                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            228157776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        65574312                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162583464                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            110946878                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                13570348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               516                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           489                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 23392638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            32602454                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores           13025086                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2233927                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1183388                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154383523                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                506                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149661649                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           450245                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12491961                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8910963                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           195                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53044627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.821429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.027280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10886517     20.52%     20.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5522921     10.41%     30.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5320075     10.03%     40.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11188543     21.09%     62.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7757510     14.62%     76.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6101654     11.50%     88.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5579716     10.52%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             585185      1.10%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             102506      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53044627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22835      0.83%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               219017      7.96%      8.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    6      0.00%      8.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1176758     42.78%     51.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               184592      6.71%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1101197     40.04%     98.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                46089      1.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49675807     33.19%     33.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37924339     25.34%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7393573      4.94%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9045734      6.04%     69.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             263196      0.18%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32628619     21.80%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12730371      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149661649                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          2.819658                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2750494                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018378                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162203684                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60591744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53249361                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193364980                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106286774                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93584480                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              54628891                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97783248                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1593901                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2053263                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557072                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       648709                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10325                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1943334                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                8489208                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1192254                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159696244                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            57437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32602454                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13025086                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               397                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  8155                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1964                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        912278                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        77405                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              989683                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148072900                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32436637                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1588749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                      5312215                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    45139590                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                19545748                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                  12702953                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    2.789726                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147317726                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    146833841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 95046832                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                116731992                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      2.766382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.814231                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147007520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps       147007520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12692912                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           572461                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51076460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.878185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.211347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18539145     36.30%     36.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8763389     17.16%     53.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3060587      5.99%     59.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3283169      6.43%     65.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2916070      5.71%     71.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       526532      1.03%     72.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1567525      3.07%     75.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       788984      1.54%     77.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11631059     22.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51076460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           147007520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147007520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      43017205                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     30549191                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                  18779236                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  91534043                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 88437877                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              771287                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             11631059                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   199144390                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  321346124                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                           2909                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                          33312                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                    10682923                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  141853335                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    141853335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total            141853335                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.374175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.374175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              2.672548                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        2.672548                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               101776168                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               41834067                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                110062189                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                73583782                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                    237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   219                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   285                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               278.638141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                23722715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs              36107.633181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   278.638141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.544215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.544215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     23722715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23722715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     23722715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        23722715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     23722715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       23722715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     30638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     30638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     30638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     23723540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23723540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     23723540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     23723540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     23723540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     23723540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37136.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37136.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37136.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37136.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 37136.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37136.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          168                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35634.703196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35634.703196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35634.703196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35634.703196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 35634.703196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35634.703196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 82556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               416.126432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                42385356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 83053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                510.341059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   416.126432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.812747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.812747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     29922516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29922516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     12462366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12462366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     42384882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        42384882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     42384882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       42384882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       250101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       250101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         5539                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5539                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       255640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        255640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       255640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       255640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3819031000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3819031000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    286746998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286746998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       293000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       293000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        25000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        25000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4105777998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4105777998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4105777998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4105777998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     30172617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30172617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     12467905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12467905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     42640522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42640522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     42640522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42640522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.102564                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102564                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045872                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15269.954938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15269.954938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51768.730457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51768.730457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24416.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24416.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16060.780778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16060.780778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16060.780778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16060.780778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     74598000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets          10833                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6886.181113                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            22551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       167974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       167974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         4121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       172095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       172095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       172095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       172095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        82127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1406841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1406841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66295998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66295998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       235000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       235000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1473136998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473136998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1473136998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473136998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.085470                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085470                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045872                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045872                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17130.066848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17130.066848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46753.172073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46753.172073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        23500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17632.856520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17632.856520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17632.856520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17632.856520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    32401669                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     20886                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            6                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                32422555                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   12693851                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       72                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               12693923                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    45095520                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     20958                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            6                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                45116478                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                   23707997                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      137                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses               23708134                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        53108736                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                23016541                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20785905                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            577937                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             17724186                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17463419                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786433                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 94                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles            553739                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     170107236                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   23016541                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          18249852                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     31558316                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                2529740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              18993220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        24648                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1613                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 23707997                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  416                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          53081318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.204654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.136054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                21523002     40.55%     40.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 2374335      4.47%     45.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  657173      1.24%     46.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1274635      2.40%     48.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 7691031     14.49%     63.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 7149246     13.47%     76.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1360104      2.56%     79.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  490664      0.92%     80.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                10561128     19.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            53081318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.433385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       3.202999                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 3899896                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             16213085                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 28380384                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              2613875                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1949430                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved             1441076                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  322                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             167412306                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1381                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1949430                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 6896260                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                9920563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         10958                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 27935293                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              6344166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             164686385                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 57437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              4382322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          124485235                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            228123301                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        65536694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        162586607                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            110915769                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                13569466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           685                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 23347827                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            32595059                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores           13020885                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2244007                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1141636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154336400                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                581                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149586776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           454922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12480356                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8956307                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           267                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53081318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.818068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.022746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10904598     20.54%     20.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5507075     10.37%     30.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5323109     10.03%     40.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11213766     21.13%     62.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7806247     14.71%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6138637     11.56%     88.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5525050     10.41%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             578976      1.09%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              83860      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53081318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22732      0.82%      0.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               203365      7.35%      8.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    6      0.00%      8.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1223929     44.25%     52.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               184154      6.66%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     59.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1086211     39.27%     98.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                45742      1.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49637857     33.18%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     33.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           37919571     25.35%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7386376      4.94%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9041649      6.04%     69.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             262874      0.18%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32614367     21.80%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12724072      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149586776                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          2.816613                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2766139                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018492                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         162166880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60546120                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53210631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          193309051                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106273719                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93542204                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              54590029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               97762882                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1593558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2055783                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2523                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557705                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       648664                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         9772                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1949430                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                8487683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1188498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159647526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            54832                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32595059                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13020885                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               469                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  7692                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1879                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2523                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        912402                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        78852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              991254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            147994120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32422582                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1592656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      5310545                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    45116505                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                19538168                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                  12693923                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    2.786625                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147239704                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    146752835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 94946361                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                116679767                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      2.763252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.813735                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts     146965825                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps       146965825                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12685445                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            314                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           577624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51107240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.875636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.211515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18622009     36.44%     36.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8641528     16.91%     53.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3128692      6.12%     59.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3362910      6.58%     66.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2835759      5.55%     71.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       546026      1.07%     72.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1524316      2.98%     75.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       808879      1.58%     77.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11637121     22.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51107240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           146965825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             146965825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      43002456                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     30539276                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  18776806                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  91509855                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 88409587                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              771033                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             11637121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   199119946                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  321254031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                           2520                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                          27418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                    10652126                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  141814239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    141814239                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total            141814239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.374495                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.374495                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              2.670262                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        2.670262                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               101715572                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               41806487                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                110014244                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                73550654                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                    245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   227                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse               279.709996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                23707217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs              35543.053973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   279.709996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.546309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.546309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     23707217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23707217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     23707217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        23707217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     23707217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       23707217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     17495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     17495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     17495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     23707997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23707997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     23707997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     23707997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     23707997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     23707997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22429.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22429.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22429.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22429.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22429.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22429.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     13559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20328.335832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20328.335832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20328.335832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20328.335832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20328.335832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20328.335832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 83002                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse               418.251044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                42373532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                 83502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                507.455294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   418.251044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.816897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.816897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     29915891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29915891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     12457148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12457148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     42373039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        42373039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     42373039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       42373039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       243058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       243058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         5919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       248977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        248977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       248977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       248977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3745641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3745641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    293258996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    293258996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       135000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       135000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       157000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       157000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4038899996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4038899996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4038899996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4038899996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     30158949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30158949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     12463067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12463067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     42622016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42622016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     42622016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42622016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.008059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.096000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.096000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150442                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.150442                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15410.482272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15410.482272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 49545.361717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49545.361717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        11250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9235.294118                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9235.294118                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16221.980328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16221.980328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16221.980328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16221.980328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     69595000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets          10055                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6921.432123                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            22333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       160558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       160558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         4446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       165004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       165004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       165004                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       165004                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        82500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        83973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        83973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1400254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     66688996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66688996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        99000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       106000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1466942996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1466942996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1466942996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1466942996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.096000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.150442                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150442                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.001970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16972.775758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16972.775758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45274.267481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45274.267481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         8250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6235.294118                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6235.294118                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17469.222202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17469.222202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17469.222202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17469.222202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    32425200                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                     21676                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                32446876                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   12704911                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       65                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               12704976                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    45130111                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     21741                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                45151852                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                   23736084                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      143                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses               23736227                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        53159687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                22632399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted          20775781                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            572760                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             18076889                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                17844280                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  786630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                104                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles            556189                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                     170178271                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                   22632399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches          18630910                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     31578112                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                2523197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles              19019079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        25030                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1771                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 23736084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  449                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          53128502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.203145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                21550390     40.56%     40.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 2029619      3.82%     44.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                  649209      1.22%     45.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1636066      3.08%     48.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 7697132     14.49%     63.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 7155682     13.47%     76.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1707112      3.21%     79.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                  493910      0.93%     80.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                10209382     19.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            53128502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.425744                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       3.201265                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                 3902104                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             16232874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 28388779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              2631749                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles               1947966                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved             1066763                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             167522142                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                 1423                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles               1947966                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                 6911939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                9900754                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         10534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 27954628                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles              6377651                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             164752122                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                  581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 55753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents              4402750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          124909189                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            228917018                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups        65618851                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        163298167                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            111275728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                13633461                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           451                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 23419546                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            32618798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores           13029594                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          2253431                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1227601                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 154441674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                458                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149681175                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           454841                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12543357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8990539                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           166                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     53128502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.817342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.019279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10883230     20.48%     20.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5441111     10.24%     30.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5439441     10.24%     40.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           11307945     21.28%     62.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            7787578     14.66%     76.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            6083793     11.45%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            5514468     10.38%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             586226      1.10%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              84710      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       53128502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22814      0.83%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               200511      7.26%      8.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    6      0.00%      8.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      8.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             1178147     42.63%     50.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv               184174      6.66%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1131843     40.95%     98.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                46171      1.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             49353923     32.97%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     32.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           38245845     25.55%     58.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            7395271      4.94%     63.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           9047514      6.04%     69.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv             263376      0.18%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            32641921     21.81%     91.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           12733315      8.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149681175                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          2.815690                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    2763666                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         161645624                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60268931                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     52927887                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          194063735                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         106719199                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     93895858                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              54308736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               98136101                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1596846                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2068191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2656                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       560928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       649327                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         9940                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles               1947966                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                8495785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1191788                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          159758632                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            54263                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             32618798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            13029594                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               368                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  8565                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1656                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2656                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        916663                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        73408                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts              990071                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148065604                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             32446896                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1615571                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                      5316500                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    45151872                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                19199567                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                  12704976                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    2.785299                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147309031                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    146823745                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                 95396176                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                117489672                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      2.761938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.811954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts     147016033                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps       147016033                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12746982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            292                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts           572444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     51155506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.873904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.211956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18645074     36.45%     36.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8739484     17.08%     53.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3077239      6.02%     59.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3240631      6.33%     65.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2915828      5.70%     71.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       559214      1.09%     72.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1537147      3.00%     75.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       809198      1.58%     77.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     11631691     22.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     51155506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts           147016033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147016033                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      43019273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     30550607                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         73                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                  18456982                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  91859907                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 88442985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              771410                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             11631691                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   199285374                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  321475970                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                           2725                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                          31185                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                    10601183                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  141860457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    141860457                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total            141860457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.374732                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.374732                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              2.668572                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        2.668572                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               101823592                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               41855636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                110673570                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                73897472                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                    221                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   203                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse               280.264580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                23735225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs              33714.808239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   280.264580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.547392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.547392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     23735225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23735225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     23735225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        23735225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     23735225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       23735225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     23006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     23006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     23006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     23736084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23736084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     23736084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     23736084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     23736084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     23736084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 26782.305006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26782.305006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 26782.305006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26782.305006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 26782.305006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26782.305006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     17675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     17675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     17675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 25106.534091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25106.534091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 25106.534091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25106.534091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 25106.534091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25106.534091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 85311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse               416.208502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                42400152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                 85812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                494.105160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   416.208502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.812907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.812907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     29936886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29936886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     12462803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      12462803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     42399689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        42399689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     42399689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       42399689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       241590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       241590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         5762                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5762                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       247352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        247352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       247352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       247352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3793480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3793480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    295854994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    295854994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       192000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       192000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       759000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       759000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4089334994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4089334994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4089334994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4089334994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     30178476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30178476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     12468565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12468565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     42647041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42647041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     42647041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42647041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.237288                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.237288                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.613861                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.613861                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15702.139989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15702.139989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51345.885804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51345.885804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6857.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6857.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12241.935484                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12241.935484                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16532.451704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16532.451704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16532.451704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16532.451704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     70900000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets          10236                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6926.533802                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            22313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       156750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         4302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       161052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       161052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       161052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       161052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        84840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        84840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        86300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        86300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1444227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1444227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     67203996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67203996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       108000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       573000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       573000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1511430996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1511430996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1511430996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1511430996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.237288                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237288                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.613861                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613861                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17022.949081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17022.949081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 46030.134247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46030.134247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3857.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3857.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9241.935484                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9241.935484                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17513.684774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17513.684774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17513.684774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17513.684774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
