
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.018711                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18711010000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                18711010000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156993                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   156993                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50357115                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 369532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   371.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    58333252                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      58333252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           175680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5486976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          3170560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          3166080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data          3163776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             15198656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       175680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        21376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          211264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7334848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7334848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              2745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             85734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             49540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst               144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             49470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data             49434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                237479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             9389124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           293248521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             1142429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data           169448897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              492544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data           169209465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              266795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data           169086329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               812284104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        9389124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        1142429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         492544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         266795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           11290892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         392007059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              392007059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         392007059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            9389124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          293248521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            1142429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data          169448897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             492544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data          169209465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             266795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data          169086329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1204291163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             247                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                         237339                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       2380.377963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                            36400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         240402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           0.151413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                    15506507000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1723.363012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst             81.226207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            172.845944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst              1.147394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            128.644684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              0.475569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            136.456441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst              0.162955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            136.055757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.420743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.019831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.042199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.000280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.031407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.033315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.033217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.581147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                3373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                 596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                 295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                 768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                 468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           116729                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                116729                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 3373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                  329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                3373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 760                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                 329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 630                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              2750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             38238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             37174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             37116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst                99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data             37069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                153006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           47506                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           12380                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           12376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           12383                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               84645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              85744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              49554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              49492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              49452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 237651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             85744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             49554                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             49492                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                99                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             49452                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                237651                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    143103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2022102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1965339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      9774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1963283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1960738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8088204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2512087000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    674196000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    692366000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    690572000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4569221000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    143103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4534189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2639535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      9774000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2655649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2651310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      12657425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    143103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4534189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     18918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2639535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      9774000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2655649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2651310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     12657425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            6123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data           38834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            1125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data           37469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst             963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data           37584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst             729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data           37424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              160251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       116729                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            116729                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         47572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         12414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         12401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         12392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             84779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             6123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            86406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            49883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst              963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            49985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst              729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            49816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               245030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            6123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           86406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           49883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst             963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           49985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst             729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           49816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              245030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.449126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.984653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.324444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.992127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.202492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.987548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.135802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.990514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.954790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.437500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.571429                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998613                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999274                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.449126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.992338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.324444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.993405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.202492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.990137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.135802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.992693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.969885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.449126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.992338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.324444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.993405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.202492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.990137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.135802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.992693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.969885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52037.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52882.002197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51830.136986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52868.644752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50123.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52895.867012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49969.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52894.278238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52862.005412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7428.571429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52879.362607                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54458.481422                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55944.246930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 55767.746104                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53980.991199                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52037.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52880.539746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51830.136986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53265.831214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50123.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53658.146771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49969.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53613.807328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53260.558550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52037.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52880.539746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51830.136986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53265.831214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50123.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53658.146771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49969.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53613.807328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53260.558550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               114607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    114607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        37051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           152835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47506                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          84645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         85735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         49540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         49470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         49434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            237480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        85735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           78                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           237480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1562959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     13461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1518880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1517324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1515308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6246882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       240000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       281000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       160000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        80000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       322000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1942015000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    525636000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    543854000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    541976000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3553481000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109988000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3504974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     13461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2044516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2061178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2057284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9800363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109988000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3504974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     13461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2044516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2061178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2057284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9800363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.448310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.984421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.296889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.149533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.986963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.106996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.990033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.953723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.448310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.296889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.993124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.149533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.989697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.106996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.992332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.969187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.448310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.296889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.993124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.149533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.989697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.106996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.992332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.969187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40068.488160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40884.119386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40302.395210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40874.058127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40361.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40904.836362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40384.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40897.897493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40873.373246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        41000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40142.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40879.362607                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42458.481422                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43944.246930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43767.746104                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41980.991199                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40068.488160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40881.483641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40302.395210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41270.004037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40361.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41665.211239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40384.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41616.781972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41268.161529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40068.488160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40881.483641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40302.395210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41270.004037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40361.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41665.211239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40384.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41616.781972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41268.161529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7331655                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      9631                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7341286                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3533123                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     4499                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3537622                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    10864778                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     14130                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                10878908                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    4783268                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      210                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                4783478                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        18688091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                 3285923                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted           1552538                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             17236                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              2063373                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 1893568                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  862963                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                659                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             99365                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      42084215                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3285923                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2756531                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      6964080                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 116467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              11463841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3700                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4783268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 3152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          18626812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.259335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.239154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                11662732     62.61%     62.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  394562      2.12%     64.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  289704      1.56%     66.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  250535      1.35%     67.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1274270      6.84%     74.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  421962      2.27%     76.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  572941      3.08%     79.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  366744      1.97%     81.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3393362     18.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            18626812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.175830                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.251927                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  991593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             10592214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6105255                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               843491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 94259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              736274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 1515                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              41985185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                 6241                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 94259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1747477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1378874                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles       7146500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6180780                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2078922                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              41891122                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                15144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 99505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1297534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           32913524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             55904634                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        38149533                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         17755101                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             32287643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  625881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            132420                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           960                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  8576278                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7376923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3580810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1421054                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          270026                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  39032860                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38825128                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            27957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         683776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           323                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     18626812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.084368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.915585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            5544204     29.76%     29.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2759203     14.81%     44.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3026362     16.25%     60.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2883358     15.48%     76.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2312731     12.42%     88.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1048511      5.63%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             568512      3.05%     97.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             412872      2.22%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              71059      0.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       18626812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  64509      8.83%      8.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                262149     35.89%     44.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     44.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4406      0.60%     45.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     45.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     45.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult              292586     40.05%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    1      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     85.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 92233     12.63%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                14614      2.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             21067281     54.26%     54.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              787058      2.03%     56.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            3048525      7.85%     64.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 11      0.00%     64.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           3028409      7.80%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                100      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7353997     18.94%     90.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3539747      9.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38825128                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.077533                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     730498                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018815                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          75620625                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         28981213                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28283044                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           21414898                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          10737269                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10468974                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              28651957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               10903669                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          971168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        89501                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        66581                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           86                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        14687                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 94259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 974643                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                49058                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           41762942                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7376923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3580810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               875                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33640                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4854                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          9044                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7746                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               16790                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             38784777                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7341315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            40351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      2728598                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10878946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3225673                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   3537631                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.075374                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      38772322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     38752018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 27061582                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 37761138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.073621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716652                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts      41059335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps        41059335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         672376                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           1161                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            15769                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     18532553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.215525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.568833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7363629     39.73%     39.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2024925     10.93%     50.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2692032     14.53%     65.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1671426      9.02%     74.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1517674      8.19%     82.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       637625      3.44%     85.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       779017      4.20%     90.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        66655      0.36%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1779570      9.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     18532553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            41059335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41059335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10801651                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7287422                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        513                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3170386                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  10433588                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 32140287                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              858806                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1779570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    58464479                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   83557835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                           2551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          61279                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                       22908                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   38344654                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38344654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             38344654                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.487371                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.487371                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.051823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.051823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                42052584                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               23674324                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 13148721                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 8948634                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 132316                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                  1080                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  5626                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               484.745624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 4775810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                  6123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                779.978769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   484.745624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.946769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.946769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4775810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4775810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4775810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4775810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4775810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4775810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         7458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          7458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         7458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         7458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    247255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    247255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4783268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4783268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4783268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4783268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4783268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4783268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 33152.990078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33152.990078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 33152.990078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33152.990078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 33152.990078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33152.990078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    184104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    184104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    184104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30067.613915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30067.613915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30067.613915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30067.613915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30067.613915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30067.613915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 85830                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.170049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9569989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                 86340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                110.840734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             128241000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   511.170049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.998379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6140393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6140393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3428430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3428430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data          581                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          581                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data          529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9568823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9568823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9568823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9568823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       216429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        85260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        85260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       301689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        301689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       301689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       301689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11614335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11614335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4237041384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4237041384                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1530000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1530000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       263000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       263000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15851376384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15851376384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15851376384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15851376384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6356822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6356822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3513690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3513690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data          539                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          539                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9870512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9870512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9870512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9870512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.077778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.018553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53663.487795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53663.487795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49695.535820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49695.535820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31224.489796                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31224.489796                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26300                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26300                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52542.109205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52542.109205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52542.109205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52542.109205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1463962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   1000905000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets          21426                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8819.048193                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46714.505741                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        55960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            55960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       177579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        37644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       215223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       215223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       215223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       215223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        47616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        86466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        86466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2115282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2115282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2644050850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2644050850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       615000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       615000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       233000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       233000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4759332850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4759332850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4759332850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4759332850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031746                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031746                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018553                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018553                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54447.413127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54447.413127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55528.621682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55528.621682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        23300                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23300                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55042.824347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55042.824347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55042.824347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55042.824347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1180890                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      9252                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 1190142                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     762986                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     3994                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 766980                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1943876                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     13246                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                 1957122                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     694932                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                       81                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 695013                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         3281657                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                  581959                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted            576084                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11532                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               281660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  271131                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2693                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                100                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             24674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                       7533692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                     581959                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches            273824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      1190902                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                  87463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles               1945284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  43                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        37518                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1344                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                   694932                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples           3274148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.300963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.371078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                 2083246     63.63%     63.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  110024      3.36%     66.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    2821      0.09%     67.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                   77922      2.38%     69.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  144995      4.43%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   23557      0.72%     74.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                   41237      1.26%     75.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                   83695      2.56%     78.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                  706651     21.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total             3274148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.177337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       2.295698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                  250390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              1732586                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                   981941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               197688                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                 74025                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved                2897                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts               7467968                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                 74025                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                  421958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                1174362                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles          6390                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                   996636                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               563259                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts               7396913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                14067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 49799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               377013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            5713008                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             11400118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups         5129795                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6270323                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              5209588                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                  503420                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               267                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           248                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  1734490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             1218253                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores             803029                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            39919                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores            4855                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7229337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                301                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7059710                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            27170                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         560084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325940                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3274148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.156198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.396302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1452588     44.37%     44.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             226232      6.91%     51.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             315569      9.64%     60.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             278926      8.52%     69.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             267931      8.18%     77.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             295952      9.04%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             298321      9.11%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              84880      2.59%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              53749      1.64%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3274148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  62828     31.50%     31.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4282      2.15%     33.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29772     14.92%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     48.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 90631     45.43%     94.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11971      6.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3403080     48.20%     48.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 177      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951762     13.48%     61.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737307     10.44%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1199770     16.99%     89.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             767610     10.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               7059710                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          2.151264                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     199484                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028257                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10039566                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3862265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3320029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7580656                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3927487                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3682961                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               3403961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3855229                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        68232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51362                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11883                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74025                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 966748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48326                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7301227                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1218253                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              803029                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33629                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4872                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5165                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts               11535                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7030075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1190145                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            29635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        71589                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     1957125                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                  539408                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                    766980                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    2.142233                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       7021045                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      7002990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  5020276                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  7744227                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      2.133980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6738718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps         6738718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts         539247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts            11174                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3162605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.130749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.984073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1796683     56.81%     56.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       104701      3.31%     60.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       234569      7.42%     67.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       187556      5.93%     73.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       183256      5.79%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77755      2.46%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        40083      1.27%     82.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        64102      2.03%     85.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       473900     14.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3162605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             6738718                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               6738718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       1901688                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      1150021                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         42                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                    495852                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  4980126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                1857                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               473900                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                     9952032                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   14629968                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           7509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                    15429346                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    6668687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      6668687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total              6668687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.492099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.492099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              2.032110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        2.032110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                 6862750                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                2631897                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                  4076312                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                 2853581                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                    108                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   105                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                64.085664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                  693562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                  1125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                616.499556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    64.085664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.125167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.125167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       693562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         693562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       693562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          693562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       693562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         693562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       694932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       694932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       694932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       694932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       694932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       694932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28349.635036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28349.635036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28349.635036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28349.635036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28349.635036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28349.635036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        25528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        25528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        25528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        25528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        25528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        25528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 49424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                89.468161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 1658556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 49931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 33.216959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           15477064000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    89.468161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.174743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.174743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       932152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         932152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       726256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        726256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1658408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1658408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1658408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1658408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       214114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        25360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       239474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        239474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       239474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       239474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11514248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11514248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1485295309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1485295309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       253000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       253000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       151000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       151000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12999543309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12999543309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12999543309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12999543309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1146266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1146266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       751616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1897882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1897882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1897882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1897882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.186793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.186793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033741                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033741                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.274194                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.274194                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.392157                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.392157                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.126180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.126180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53776.250035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53776.250035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58568.427011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58568.427011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14882.352941                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14882.352941                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         7550                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7550                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54283.735641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54283.735641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54283.735641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54283.735641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       834997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    955249998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               54                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20412                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 15462.907407                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46798.451793                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            20281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       176568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        12885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       189453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       189453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       189453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       189453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        50021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        50021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2052743000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2052743000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    762906660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    762906660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       133000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        97000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        97000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2815649660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2815649660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2815649660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2815649660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016598                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016598                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.209677                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209677                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54672.748096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54672.748096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61154.842485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61154.842485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10230.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10230.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5388.888889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56289.351672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56289.351672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56289.351672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56289.351672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     1179356                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      9134                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 1188490                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     762425                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     3964                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 766389                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     1941781                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     13098                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                 1954879                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     697907                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                       96                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 698003                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         3267769                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                  581513                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted            576441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               281301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  270913                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2289                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 81                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             21384                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                       7528337                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                     581513                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches            273202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      1189997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                  87563                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles               1938839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  38                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        37904                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1367                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                   697907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  568                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples           3264211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.306327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.373493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                 2074214     63.54%     63.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  110470      3.38%     66.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    2545      0.08%     67.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                   77578      2.38%     69.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  144696      4.43%     73.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   23227      0.71%     74.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                   41206      1.26%     75.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                   84312      2.58%     78.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                  705963     21.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total             3264211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.177954                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       2.303816                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                  247933                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              1725086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                   980338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               198584                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                 74366                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved                2537                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts               7465472                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1245                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                 74366                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                  420199                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                1169427                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          4149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                   995749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles               562417                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts               7394523                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                14544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 50087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               375746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands            5712963                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             11398660                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups         5129970                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6268690                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps              5205863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  507100                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               213                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  1731063                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             1216840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores             802627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40244                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores            7583                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7229793                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                247                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7061205                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24746                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         565148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325195                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3264211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.163220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.397337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1443436     44.22%     44.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             224616      6.88%     51.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             315535      9.67%     60.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             280005      8.58%     69.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             265962      8.15%     77.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             299405      9.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             296204      9.07%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              84977      2.60%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54071      1.66%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3264211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  63123     31.58%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4516      2.26%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29940     14.98%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 90304     45.18%     94.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11971      5.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3405971     48.23%     48.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 151      0.00%     48.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951766     13.48%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737310     10.44%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1199118     16.98%     89.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             766885     10.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total               7061205                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          2.160864                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     199854                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10030285                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3866709                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3320654                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7580936                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3928507                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3682299                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses               3405402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3855653                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33384                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        67872                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51264                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11662                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74366                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                 958732                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48404                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7300854                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1216840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              802627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33517                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4928                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6132                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts               11239                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7029920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1188493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            31285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        70814                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     1954882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                  539171                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                    766389                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    2.151290                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                       7020909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                      7002953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                  5021442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                  7749775                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      2.143038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.647947                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6733349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps         6733349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts         541625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts            11006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3151941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.136255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.985840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1786329     56.67%     56.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       104858      3.33%     60.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       234391      7.44%     67.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       190338      6.04%     73.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       181087      5.75%     79.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77114      2.45%     81.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        40117      1.27%     82.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63581      2.02%     84.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       474126     15.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3151941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts             6733349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps               6733349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       1900331                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      1148968                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         43                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                    494896                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                  4975344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                1660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               474126                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                     9938320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   14624330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            219                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           3558                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                    15443225                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    6663876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6663876                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total              6663876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.490371                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.490371                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              2.039274                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        2.039274                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                 6863193                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                2632711                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                  4076081                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                 2853347                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                     99                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                    93                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   574                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                66.825056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                  696777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                723.548287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    66.825056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.130518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.130518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       696777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         696777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       696777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          696777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       696777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         696777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     26128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     26128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     26128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     26128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     26128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       697907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       697907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       697907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       697907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       697907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       697907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23122.123894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23122.123894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23122.123894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23122.123894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 23122.123894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23122.123894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     19566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     19566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     19566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20317.757009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20317.757009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20317.757009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20317.757009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20317.757009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20317.757009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 49521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse                89.372087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                 1656240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                 50026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                 33.107584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle           15470696000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    89.372087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.174555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.174555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       930133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         930133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data       725975                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        725975                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      1656108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         1656108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      1656108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        1656108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       214872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        25342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       240214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        240214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       240214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       240214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11501112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11501112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1539053268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1539053268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       233000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       233000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       181000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       181000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13040165268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13040165268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13040165268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13040165268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1145005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       751317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      1896322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1896322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      1896322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1896322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.187660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.187660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.033730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.288462                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.288462                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.478261                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.478261                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53525.410477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53525.410477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60731.326178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60731.326178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15533.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15533.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8227.272727                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8227.272727                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54285.617275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54285.617275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54285.617275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54285.617275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1077996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    951997994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               62                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 17387.032258                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46666.568333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            20251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       177203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       177203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        12879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       190082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       190082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        50132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        50132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2054397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2054397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    793126644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    793126644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       135000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       135000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       118000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       118000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2847523644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2847523644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2847523644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2847523644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.016588                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016588                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.456522                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456522                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54538.134806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54538.134806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63638.501484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63638.501484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5619.047619                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5619.047619                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56800.519508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56800.519508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56800.519508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56800.519508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     1178085                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      9131                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 1187216                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     762064                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     3912                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                 765976                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     1940149                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     13043                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                 1953192                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     705318                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                       89                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 705407                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         3263887                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                  580020                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted            575397                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               277915                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  270150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2157                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 57                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             18531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                       7525535                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                     580020                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches            272307                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                      1189250                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                  88196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles               1939435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  33                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        37695                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1306                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                   705318                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  410                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples           3261758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.307202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.374333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                 2072508     63.54%     63.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                  110691      3.39%     66.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    2377      0.07%     67.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                   77230      2.37%     69.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                  144088      4.42%     73.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   23432      0.72%     74.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                   41041      1.26%     75.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                   84486      2.59%     78.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                  705905     21.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total             3261758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.177708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       2.305697                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                  244906                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles              1725612                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                   979394                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles               198882                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                 75269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved                2269                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts               7463563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                  985                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                 75269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                  417911                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                1171444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          3822                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                   994889                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles               560728                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts               7392786                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                13792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 49654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents               375296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands            5712868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups             11400057                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups         5126789                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6273268                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps              5200225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                  512643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           176                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                  1730557                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads             1216082                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores             803055                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40444                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           12150                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7228223                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7056739                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24712                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         571661                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329809                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3261758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.163477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.397411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1443031     44.24%     44.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             223543      6.85%     51.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             314864      9.65%     60.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             279131      8.56%     69.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             267186      8.19%     77.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             299444      9.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             295841      9.07%     95.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              84679      2.60%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54039      1.66%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3261758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  63651     31.81%     31.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4380      2.19%     34.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     34.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     34.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29752     14.87%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 90426     45.19%     94.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11905      5.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3403330     48.23%     48.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 151      0.00%     48.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951759     13.49%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737293     10.45%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1197725     16.97%     89.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             766477     10.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total               7056739                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          2.162066                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     200114                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028358                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10018244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3867184                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3316278                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7581818                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3932931                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3682814                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses               3400795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3856054                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33319                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        68556                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        52123                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11785                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                 75269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                 958304                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7297892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1216082                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              803055                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33623                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4890                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6101                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5002                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts               11103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7025998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1187217                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            30741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        69466                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                     1953193                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                  537784                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                    765976                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    2.152647                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                       7017020                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                      6999092                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                  5020009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                  7747379                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      2.144404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.647962                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6724358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps         6724358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts         549058                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             86                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts            10899                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3148794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.135534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.984740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1784354     56.67%     56.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       104533      3.32%     59.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       234793      7.46%     67.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       189977      6.03%     73.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       181643      5.77%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        76915      2.44%     81.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        40004      1.27%     82.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63463      2.02%     84.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       473112     15.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3148794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts             6724358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps               6724358                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                       1898458                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                      1147526                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                    493021                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                  4967549                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                1551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events               473112                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                     9934720                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                   14622105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            142                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           2129                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                    15447109                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    6656035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6656035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total              6656035                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.490365                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.490365                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              2.039297                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        2.039297                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                 6858580                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                2630029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                  4076159                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                 2853703                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                     59                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                    55                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                57.141809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                  704493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                966.382716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    57.141809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.111605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.111605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       704493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         704493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       704493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          704493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       704493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         704493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       705318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       705318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       705318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       705318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       705318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       705318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 19813.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19813.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 19813.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19813.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 19813.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19813.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           96                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     12714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     12714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     12714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17440.329218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17440.329218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17440.329218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17440.329218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17440.329218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17440.329218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 49341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                89.379851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                 1655093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                 49846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                 33.204129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle           15469057000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    89.379851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.174570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.174570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data       929382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         929382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data       725643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        725643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      1655025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         1655025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      1655025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        1655025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       214302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data        25262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       239564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        239564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       239564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       239564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11493560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11493560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1536081295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1536081295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       154000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       154000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       189000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       189000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13029641295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13029641295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13029641295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13029641295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1143684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1143684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data       750905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       750905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      1894589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1894589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      1894589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1894589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.187379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.187379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.290323                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.290323                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.126446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.126446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53632.537261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53632.537261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 60806.004869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60806.004869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17111.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17111.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        15750                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        15750                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54388.978707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54388.978707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54388.978707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54388.978707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1041998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    952407997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20396                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 17965.482759                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46695.822563                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            20237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       176827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        12834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       189661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       189661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       189661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       189661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        37475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2050379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2050379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    791351646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    791351646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       153000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2841730646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2841730646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2841730646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2841730646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.032767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016551                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016551                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.161290                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161290                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54713.248833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54713.248833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63674.899099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63674.899099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         2600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        12750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56945.086388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56945.086388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56945.086388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56945.086388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
