
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.018753                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18752929000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                18752929000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128154                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   128154                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               41200835                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 369132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   455.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    58330246                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      58330246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           180416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5494656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            23744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          3176000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             7232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          3173824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             6464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data          3174720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             15237056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       180416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        23744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         7232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         6464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          217856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7390592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7390592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              2819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             85854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             49625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst               113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             49591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst               101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data             49605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                238079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115478                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115478                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             9620684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           293002549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             1266149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data           169360210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              385646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data           169244175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              344693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data           169291954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               812516061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        9620684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        1266149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         385646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         344693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           11617172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         394103342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              394103342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         394103342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            9620684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          293002549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            1266149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data          169360210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             385646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data          169244175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             344693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data          169291954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1206619403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             245                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                         234444                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       2381.689111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                            50220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         237605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           0.211359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                    15531433000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1704.456867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst             81.618823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            173.027158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst              1.299297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            143.943776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              0.435187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            139.798460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst              0.223311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            136.886231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.416127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.019926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.042243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.000317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.035143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.034130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.033419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.581467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                6265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                2334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                1802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                1030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                1873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                1780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   16525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           117891                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                117891                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 6265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 1834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 1030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                 1901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 1786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    16754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                6265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                1834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                1030                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                1901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                1786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   16754                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              2829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             38354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             37260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             37239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data             37236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                153600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           47519                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           12379                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           12379                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           12386                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               84663                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              85873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              49639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              49618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              49622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 238263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2829                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             85873                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             49639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             49618                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               117                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             49622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                238263                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    147082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2028990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     20211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1970272000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1970158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1969090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8120480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        53000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2517599000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    671395000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    694292000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    691681000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4574967000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    147082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4546589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     20211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2641667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2664450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2660771000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      12695447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    147082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4546589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     20211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2641667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2664450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2660771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     12695447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            9094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data           40688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            1150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data           39062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            1204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data           39112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst             799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data           39016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              170125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       117891                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            117891                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         47682                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         12411                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         12407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         12392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             84892                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             9094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            88370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            51473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            51519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst              799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            51408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               255017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            9094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           88370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           51473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           51519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst             799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           51408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              255017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.311084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.942637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.340000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.953868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.144518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.952112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.146433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.954378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.902866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.357143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.636364                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997422                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997743                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997302                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.311084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.971744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.340000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.964370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.144518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.963101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.146433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.965258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.934302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.311084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.340000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.964370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.144518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.963101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.146433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.965258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.934302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51990.809473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52901.653022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51690.537084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52879.012346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49982.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52905.770832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 51111.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52881.351380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52867.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        26500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52980.891854                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54236.610389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56086.275143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 55843.775230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54037.383509                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51990.809473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52945.500914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51690.537084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53217.570862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49982.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53699.262364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 51111.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53620.793197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53283.333963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51990.809473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52945.500914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51690.537084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53217.570862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49982.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53699.262364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 51111.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53620.793197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53283.333963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               115478                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    115478                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        37219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           153418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          84663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         85856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         49625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         49591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         49605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            238081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        85856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           238081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    112906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1568367000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1522825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1522452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1521825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6271963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       120000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       201000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       120000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        81000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        80000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       281000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1947371000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    522847000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    545744000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    543049000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3559011000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    112906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3515738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2045672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2068196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2064874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9830974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    112906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3515738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2045672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2068196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2064874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9830974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.309985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.322609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.953510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.093854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.951422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.126408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.953942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.901796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.309985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.322609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.964098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.093854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.126408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.964928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.933589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.309985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.322609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.964098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.093854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.126408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.964928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.933589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40051.791415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40910.008608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40242.587601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40885.598454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40415.929204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40912.931312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40504.950495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40888.390338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40881.532806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40200                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40142.857143                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40980.891854                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42236.610389                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44086.275143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43843.775230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42037.383509                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40051.791415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40949.240589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40242.587601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41222.609572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40415.929204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41705.067452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40504.950495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41626.327991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41292.560095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40051.791415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40949.240589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40242.587601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41222.609572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40415.929204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41705.067452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40504.950495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41626.327991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41292.560095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7330377                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      9567                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7339944                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3533232                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     4437                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3537669                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    10863609                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     14004                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                10877613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    4781250                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      214                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                4781464                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        18729004                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                 3282491                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted           1550583                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             17214                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              2046194                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 1892309                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  862357                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            136667                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      42071383                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3282491                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2754666                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      6961658                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 116678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              11466688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3730                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4781250                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 3862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          18664784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.254051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.237333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                11703126     62.70%     62.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  394710      2.11%     64.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  289604      1.55%     66.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  250062      1.34%     67.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1273777      6.82%     74.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  421619      2.26%     76.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  571940      3.06%     79.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  367132      1.97%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3392814     18.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            18664784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.175262                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.246322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1027824                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             10595547                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6102978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               843924                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 94511                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              735674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 1459                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              41976467                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                 5974                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 94511                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1782676                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1381111                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles       7145376                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6179022                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2082088                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              41884147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                14958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                101871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1298647                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           32910995                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             55901642                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        38142320                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         17759322                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             32284484                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  626511                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            132320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           874                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  8577533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7375553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3580915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1421269                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          268836                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  39032181                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38824974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            27321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         686749                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       395693                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           227                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     18664784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.080119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.915082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            5575085     29.87%     29.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2765480     14.82%     44.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3028946     16.23%     60.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2881675     15.44%     76.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2315219     12.40%     88.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1049753      5.62%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             564885      3.03%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             412302      2.21%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              71439      0.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       18664784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  63913      8.73%      8.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                262149     35.80%     44.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     44.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 5471      0.75%     45.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     45.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     45.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult              294996     40.28%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    1      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     85.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 91132     12.44%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                14649      2.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             21068194     54.26%     54.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              787044      2.03%     56.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            3048350      7.85%     64.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 13      0.00%     64.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           3028339      7.80%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 71      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7353139     18.94%     90.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3539824      9.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38824974                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.072987                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     732311                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          75654589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         28977971                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28282073                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           21419775                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          10742687                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10469008                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              28649873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               10907412                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          970798                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        88918                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          353                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        66694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        14848                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 94511                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 974843                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                49056                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           41760243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7375553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3580915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               810                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33608                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4917                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           353                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          9021                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7573                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               16594                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             38784104                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7339955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            40870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      2726680                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10877635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3224671                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   3537680                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.070804                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      38771290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     38751081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 27060602                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 37757705                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.069041                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716691                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts      41054204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps        41054204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         674801                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           1155                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            15787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     18570273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.210749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.567776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7398714     39.84%     39.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2026780     10.91%     50.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2693821     14.51%     65.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1675018      9.02%     74.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1514712      8.16%     82.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       637295      3.43%     85.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       778647      4.19%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        64765      0.35%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1780521      9.59%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     18570273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            41054204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41054204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10800856                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7286635                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        510                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3169207                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  10433588                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 32135948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              858801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1780521                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    58498542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   83552643                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                           2769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          64220                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                       23914                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   38340311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38340311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             38340311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.488494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.488494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              2.047109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        2.047109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                42053660                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               23673865                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 13148636                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 8948644                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 132312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                  1076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  8838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               254.875782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 4770589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                  9094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                524.586431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           15465815000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   254.875782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.995609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4770589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4770589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4770589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4770589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4770589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4770589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        10661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        10661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        10661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         10661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        10661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        10661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    293841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    293841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    293841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4781250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4781250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4781250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4781250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4781250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4781250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27562.236188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27562.236188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27562.236188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27562.236188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 27562.236188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27562.236188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    220705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    220705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    220705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    220705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    220705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24269.298439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24269.298439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24269.298439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24269.298439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24269.298439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24269.298439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 88056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               255.740598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9562978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                 88312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                108.286280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              47537000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   255.740598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.998987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6133725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6133725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3428116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3428116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data          554                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          554                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data          528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9561841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9561841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9561841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9561841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       222105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       222105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        85568                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        85568                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       307673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        307673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       307673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       307673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11691614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11691614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4237803398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4237803398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1545000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1545000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       208000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       208000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15929417398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15929417398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15929417398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15929417398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6355830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6355830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3513684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3513684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data          537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9869514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9869514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9869514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9869514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085809                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.085809                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016760                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.016760                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52640.030616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52640.030616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49525.563271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49525.563271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29711.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29711.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51773.855353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51773.855353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51773.855353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51773.855353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1328963                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   1002075999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              148                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets          21466                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8979.479730                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46682.008711                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        56487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            56487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       181413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        37848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       219261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       219261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       219261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       219261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        40692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        47720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        88412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        88412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        88412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2142516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2142516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2645069854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2645069854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       737000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       737000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       181000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       181000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4787585854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4787585854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4787585854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4787585854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046205                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046205                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016760                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016760                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52652.020053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52652.020053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55428.957544                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55428.957544                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26321.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26321.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20111.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54150.860223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54150.860223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54150.860223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54150.860223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1180250                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      9251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 1189501                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     762649                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     4001                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 766650                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1942899                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     13252                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                 1956151                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     695621                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      108                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 695729                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         3298745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                  583212                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted            577889                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               282659                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  271858                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2516                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 89                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             25516                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                       7540708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                     583212                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches            274374                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      1192481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                  88746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles               1954251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  47                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        41608                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1444                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                   695621                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples           3291109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.291236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.367215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                 2098628     63.77%     63.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  110954      3.37%     67.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    2550      0.08%     67.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                   78095      2.37%     69.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  145021      4.41%     73.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   23277      0.71%     74.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                   41260      1.25%     75.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                   84252      2.56%     78.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                  707072     21.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total             3291109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.176798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       2.285932                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                  252993                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              1739719                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                   982192                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               199166                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                 75431                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved                2597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts               7475879                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1295                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                 75431                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                  424412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                1178701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles          5972                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                   997546                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               567439                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts               7405606                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                14474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 52410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               378357                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            5721362                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             11414126                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups         5142133                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6271993                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              5208204                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                  513158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               251                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  1734691                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             1218269                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores             803347                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores            5177                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7239604                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                287                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7069439                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         572213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327448                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3291109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.148042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.392000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1462079     44.43%     44.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             227561      6.91%     51.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             322176      9.79%     61.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             279049      8.48%     69.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             266451      8.10%     77.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             302464      9.19%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             292071      8.87%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              84235      2.56%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              55023      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3291109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  63180     31.31%     31.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 5578      2.76%     34.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     34.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     34.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               32408     16.06%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     50.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 88620     43.92%     94.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                12000      5.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3413274     48.28%     48.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 194      0.00%     48.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951788     13.46%     61.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737357     10.43%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1199668     16.97%     89.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             767154     10.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               7069439                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          2.143069                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     201786                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028543                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10072063                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3879143                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3328676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7583939                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3932987                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3683172                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               3413152                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3858069                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33359                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        68757                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51918                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11683                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                 75431                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 968929                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7311100                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1218269                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              803347                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33550                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4853                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6444                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4900                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts               11344                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7038836                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1189503                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            30603                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        71209                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     1956153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                  540720                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                    766650                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    2.133792                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       7029626                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      7011848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  5026469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  7756102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      2.125611                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6736743                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps         6736743                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts         551292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            156                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts            11121                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3174070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.122431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.982860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1807647     56.95%     56.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       105003      3.31%     60.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       235590      7.42%     67.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       192708      6.07%     73.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       178327      5.62%     79.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        76035      2.40%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        39912      1.26%     83.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61303      1.93%     84.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       477545     15.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3174070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             6736743                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               6736743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       1900941                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      1149512                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         43                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                    495535                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  4978316                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                1739                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               477545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                     9969948                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   14651509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            328                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           7636                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                    15454175                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    6666873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      6666873                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total              6666873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.494796                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.494796                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              2.021033                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        2.021033                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                 6874943                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                2639211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                  4076499                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                 2853624                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                     95                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                    89                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                44.009860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                  694220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                  1150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                603.669565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    44.009860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.171914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.171914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       694220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         694220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       694220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          694220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       694220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         694220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     40404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     40404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     40404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       695621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       695621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       695621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       695621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       695621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       695621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28839.400428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28839.400428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28839.400428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28839.400428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 28839.400428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28839.400428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     30097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     30097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     30097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26171.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26171.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26171.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26171.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26171.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26171.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 51249                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                45.144779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 1652208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 51500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 32.081709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           15483850000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    45.144779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.176347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.176347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       926048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         926048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       726035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        726035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1652083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1652083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1652083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1652083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       219863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        25350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       245213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        245213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       245213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       245213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11597307000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11597307000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1464540321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1464540321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       235000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       235000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        90000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13061847321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13061847321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13061847321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13061847321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1145911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       751385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1897296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1897296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1897296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1897296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.191867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.340909                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.340909                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.129243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.129243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52747.879361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52747.879361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57772.793728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57772.793728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53267.352551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53267.352551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53267.352551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53267.352551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       754996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    956817995                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               54                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 13981.407407                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46831.677108                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            20477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       180736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        12881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       193617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       193617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        39127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        51596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        51596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2075210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2075210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    751511674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    751511674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        78000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        48000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        48000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2826721674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2826721674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2826721674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2826721674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016595                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016595                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.220000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.318182                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318182                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53037.799985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53037.799985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60270.404523                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60270.404523                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7090.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7090.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54785.674742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54785.674742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54785.674742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54785.674742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     1180611                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      9105                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 1189716                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     762583                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     3966                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 766549                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     1943194                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     13071                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                 1956265                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     700279                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                       87                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 700366                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         3288170                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                  584336                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted            579017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11545                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               283217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  272003                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2465                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 92                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             24380                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                       7548851                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                     584336                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches            274468                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      1193732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                  89643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles               1947179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  36                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        41789                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1331                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                   700279                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples           3284986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.297986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.369935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                 2091254     63.66%     63.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  111153      3.38%     67.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    2661      0.08%     67.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                   77857      2.37%     69.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  145114      4.42%     73.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   23305      0.71%     74.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                   41293      1.26%     75.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                   84726      2.58%     78.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                  707623     21.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total             3284986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.177709                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       2.295761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                  251990                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              1732375                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                   983406                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               199227                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                 76199                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved                2587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  357                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts               7485029                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1377                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                 76199                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                  424552                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                1171897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          3797                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                   998026                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles               568726                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts               7414099                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                15153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 52426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               378684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands            5727932                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             11426084                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups         5152581                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6273503                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps              5208106                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  519826                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  1739530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             1218830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores             804085                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40882                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores            7544                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7246593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7074086                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24499                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         578841                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       332428                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3284986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.153460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.392247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1454623     44.28%     44.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             228023      6.94%     51.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             321769      9.80%     61.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             279015      8.49%     69.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             268113      8.16%     77.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             301483      9.18%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             292832      8.91%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              84403      2.57%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54725      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3284986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  62999     31.27%     31.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 5595      2.78%     34.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     34.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     34.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               31945     15.85%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     49.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 88909     44.12%     94.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                12052      5.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3417369     48.31%     48.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 140      0.00%     48.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951775     13.45%     61.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737316     10.42%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1200433     16.97%     89.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             767049     10.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total               7074086                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          2.151375                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     201500                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028484                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10074822                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3891793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3332242                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7584335                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3933862                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3682610                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses               3417319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3858263                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        69158                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        52498                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11904                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                 76199                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                 959938                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48446                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7318067                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1218830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              804085                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4863                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6302                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5136                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts               11438                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7042233                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1189720                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            31853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        71283                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     1956269                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                  541079                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                    766549                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    2.141688                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                       7032711                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                      7014852                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                  5028988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                  7756809                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      2.133361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648332                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6736767                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps         6736767                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts         555507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            132                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts            11205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3166998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.127178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.983172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1798841     56.80%     56.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       106276      3.36%     60.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       236197      7.46%     67.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       192235      6.07%     73.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       179005      5.65%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        76477      2.41%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        39286      1.24%     82.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        62177      1.96%     84.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       476504     15.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3166998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts             6736767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps               6736767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       1901259                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      1149672                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         42                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                    495549                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                  4978358                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                1759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               476504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                     9968273                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   14660758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           3184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                    15464747                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    6666889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6666889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total              6666889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.493209                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.493209                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              2.027538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        2.027538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                 6879520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                2642325                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                  4076175                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                 2853453                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                    108                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   105                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                43.121243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                  698884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                  1204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                580.468439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    43.121243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.168442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.168442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       698884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         698884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       698884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          698884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       698884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         698884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     28600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     28600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     28600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       700279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       700279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       700279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       700279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       700279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       700279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20501.792115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20501.792115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20501.792115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20501.792115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20501.792115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20501.792115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     21722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     21722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     21722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 18041.528239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18041.528239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 18041.528239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18041.528239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 18041.528239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18041.528239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 51303                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse                44.994809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                 1652471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                 51551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                 32.055072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle           15487156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    44.994809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.175761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.175761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       926145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         926145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data       726184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        726184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      1652329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         1652329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      1652329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        1652329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       219969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        25352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       245321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        245321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       245321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       245321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11573079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11573079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1523958263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1523958263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       246000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       246000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       207000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       207000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13097037263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13097037263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13097037263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13097037263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1146114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1146114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       751536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      1897650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1897650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      1897650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1897650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.191926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.033734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.262295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.262295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.411765                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.411765                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.129276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.129276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52612.318099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52612.318099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60111.954205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60111.954205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        15375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        15375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9857.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9857.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53387.346632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53387.346632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53387.346632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53387.346632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1088996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    953307998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               65                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20454                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 16753.784615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46607.411655                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            20478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       180794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        12888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       193682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       193682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        51639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        51639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2075600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2075600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    785543661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    785543661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       136000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       136000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       150000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       150000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2861143661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2861143661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2861143661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2861143661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.034181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.016585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.213115                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213115                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.372549                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372549                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.027212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.027212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52982.769623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52982.769623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63025.004894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63025.004894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10461.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10461.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7894.736842                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7894.736842                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55406.643448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55406.643448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55406.643448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55406.643448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     1177933                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      9166                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 1187099                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     761960                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     3914                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                 765874                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     1939893                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     13080                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                 1952973                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     705724                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      100                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 705824                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         3278894                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                  580563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted            575925                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             11216                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               278464                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  270487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2145                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 55                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             19704                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                       7527623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                     580563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches            272632                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                      1189809                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                  88429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles               1947895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  33                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        41976                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1460                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                   705724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples           3276550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.297424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.370270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                 2086741     63.69%     63.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                  110733      3.38%     67.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    2366      0.07%     67.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                   77502      2.37%     69.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                  144365      4.41%     73.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   23405      0.71%     74.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                   40942      1.25%     75.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                   84453      2.58%     78.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                  706043     21.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total             3276550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.177061                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       2.295781                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                  247173                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles              1733101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                   979420                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles               199446                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                 75434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved                2295                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts               7465739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                  987                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                 75434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                  420107                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                1174201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          3363                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                   994523                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles               566946                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts               7395620                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                14134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 52225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents               378297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands            5715572                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups             11404333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups         5131569                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6272764                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps              5200325                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                  515247                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                  1736526                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads             1215969                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores             803051                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40429                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           12056                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7230122                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                188                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7058109                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24548                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         573476                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       330191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3276550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.154128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.393041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1451627     44.30%     44.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             226772      6.92%     51.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             320068      9.77%     60.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             278049      8.49%     69.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             267775      8.17%     77.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             300941      9.18%     86.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             292682      8.93%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              83931      2.56%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54705      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3276550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  63021     31.25%     31.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     31.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     31.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 5611      2.78%     34.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     34.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     34.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               32017     15.88%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     49.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 88967     44.12%     94.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                12029      5.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3405016     48.24%     48.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 148      0.00%     48.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951760     13.48%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737295     10.45%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1197513     16.97%     89.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             766373     10.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total               7058109                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          2.152588                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     201645                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028569                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          10035710                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3871510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3317617                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7583251                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3932304                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3682638                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses               3401854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3857896                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        68419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        52118                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11786                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                 75434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                 960454                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                48406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7299812                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1215969                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              803051                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4897                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          6253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts               11183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7027129                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1187100                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            30980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        69502                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                     1952974                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                  538072                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                    765874                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    2.143140                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                       7017919                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                      7000255                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                  5019345                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                  7744620                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      2.134944                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6724517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps         6724517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts         550861                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             87                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts            10977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3159140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.128591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.985263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1795789     56.84%     56.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       104584      3.31%     60.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       234971      7.44%     67.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       191154      6.05%     73.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       178833      5.66%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        76230      2.41%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        39570      1.25%     82.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61445      1.94%     84.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       476564     15.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3159140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts             6724517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps               6724517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                       1898483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                      1147550                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                    493059                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                  4967685                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                1553                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events               476564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                     9943576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                   14626197                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            163                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           2344                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                    15474022                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    6656173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6656173                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total              6656173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.492609                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.492609                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              2.030006                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        2.030006                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                 6860169                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                2631147                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                  4076094                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                 2853313                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                     59                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                    55                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                41.784581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                  704807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                882.111389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    41.784581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.163221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.163221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       704807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         704807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       704807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          704807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       704807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         704807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     18695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       705724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       705724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       705724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       705724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       705724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       705724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20387.131952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20387.131952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20387.131952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20387.131952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 20387.131952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20387.131952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     14381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     14381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     14381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17998.748436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17998.748436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17998.748436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17998.748436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17998.748436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17998.748436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 51185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                44.918422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                 1649490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                 51435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                 32.069408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle           15484616000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    44.918422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.175463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.175463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data       923772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         923772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data       725649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        725649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      1649421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         1649421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      1649421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        1649421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       219776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data        25257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       245033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        245033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       245033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       245033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11577528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11577528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1521234295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1521234295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       193000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       193000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       179000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       179000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13098762295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13098762295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13098762295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13098762295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1143548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1143548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data       750906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       750906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      1894454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1894454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      1894454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1894454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.192188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.258065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.258065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.407407                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.407407                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.129342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.129342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52678.763832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52678.763832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 60230.205290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60230.205290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        24125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        24125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16272.727273                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16272.727273                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53457.135549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53457.135549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53457.135549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53457.135549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       945998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    954783994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               58                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20445                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 16310.310345                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46700.121986                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            20449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       180720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        12831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       193551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       193551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        39056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        51482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        51482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2074071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2074071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    783466646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    783466646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       146000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       146000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2857537646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2857537646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2857537646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2857537646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.034153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016548                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016548                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.161290                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161290                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.407407                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407407                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.027175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.027175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53105.054281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53105.054281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63050.591180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63050.591180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         2600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13272.727273                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13272.727273                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 55505.567888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55505.567888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 55505.567888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55505.567888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
