
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.020400                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20399506000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                20399506000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 155515                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   155515                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54384851                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 369860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   375.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    58332813                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      58332813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           170304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5484672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            23488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          3169216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             8064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          3167424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst             5184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data          3163712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             15192064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       170304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        23488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         8064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst         5184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          207040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7334336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7334336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              2661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             85698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             49519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst               126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             49491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data             49433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                237376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst             8348437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           268862981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             1151400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data           155357488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              395304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data           155269642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              254124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data           155087677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               744727054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        8348437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        1151400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         395304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         254124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           10149265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         359534981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              359534981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         359534981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8348437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          268862981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            1151400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data          155357488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             395304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data          155269642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             254124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data          155087677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1104262035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
workload.num_syscalls                             247                       # Number of system calls
system.l2.replacements                         236423                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                       2407.899283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                            37121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         239470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           0.155013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                    16659039000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1699.902425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst             78.151140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            188.394713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst              1.111255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            140.111970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst              0.501611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            149.036050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst              0.166780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            150.523340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.415015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.inst             0.019080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu0.data             0.045995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.inst             0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu1.data             0.034207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.inst             0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu2.data             0.036386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.inst             0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu3.data             0.036749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.587866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                3339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                 585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                 451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                 863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                 297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           116722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                116722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 3339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                  484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                3339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                 484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              2671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             38202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             37155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             37141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst               102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data             37064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                152907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           47510                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           12377                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           12379                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           12386                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               84652                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              85712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              49532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data              49520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              49450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 237559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2671                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             85712                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             49532                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data             49520                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             49450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                237559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    139000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2015683000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19981000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1960605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      9361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1960300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1956206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8066244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        53000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       157000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2509609000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    673473000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    682419000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    684585000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4550086000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    139000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4525292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19981000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2634078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      9361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2642719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2640791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      12616330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    139000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4525292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     19981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2634078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      9361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2642719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2640791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     12616330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            6010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data           38787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            1033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data           37606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data           37438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst             719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data           37415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              160059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       116722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            116722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         47581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         12410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         12405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         12392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             84788                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             6010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            86368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            50016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            49843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst              719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            49807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               244847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            6010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           86368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           50016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           49843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst             719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           49807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              244847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.444426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.984918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.371733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.988007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.178877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.992067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.141864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.990619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.955316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.555556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.529412                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998508                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997341                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998396                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.444426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.992405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.371733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.990323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.178877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.993520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.141864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.992832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.970234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.444426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.992405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.371733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.990323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.178877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.993520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.141864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.992832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.970234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52040.434294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52763.808178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52033.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52768.268066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49792.553191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52779.946690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50078.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52779.138787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52752.614334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10400                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17444.444444                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52822.753105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54413.266543                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55127.150820                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 55270.870337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53750.484336                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52040.434294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52796.481239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52033.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53179.318420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49792.553191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53366.700323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50078.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53403.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53108.196280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52040.434294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52796.481239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52033.854167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53179.318420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49792.553191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53366.700323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50078.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53403.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53108.196280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               114599                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    114599                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        37047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           152725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          84652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         85699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         49519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         49491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         49433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            237377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        85699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           237377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    106611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1556877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1514371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5088000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1513688000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1510872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6225578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       200000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       121000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       361000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1939489000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    524949000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    533871000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    535953000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3534262000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    106611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3496366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2039320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2047559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2046825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9759840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    106611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3496366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2039320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2047559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      3281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2046825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9759840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.442762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.984582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.355276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.987662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.119886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.991292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.112656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.990164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.954179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.555556                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529412                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.997341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.997904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.442762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.355276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.990063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.119886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.992938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.112656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.992491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.969491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.442762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.355276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.990063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.119886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.992938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.112656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.992491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.969491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40064.261556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40767.681793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40299.727520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40772.467826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40380.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40787.023065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40506.172840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40782.573488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40763.319692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40111.111111                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40822.753105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42413.266543                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43127.150820                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43270.870337                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41750.484336                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40064.261556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40798.212348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40299.727520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41182.576385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40380.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41372.350528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40506.172840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41406.044545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41115.356585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40064.261556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40798.212348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40299.727520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41182.576385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40380.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41372.350528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40506.172840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41406.044545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41115.356585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7323538                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7225                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7330763                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3529602                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     4154                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3533756                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    10853140                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     11379                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                10864519                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    4738140                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      197                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                4738337                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        20362725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                 3229139                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted           1498454                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             14647                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              2097443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 1868177                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  862121                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                608                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             96782                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      41666458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3229139                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2730298                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      6889624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  67152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              13023565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  96                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3350                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4738140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          20062482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.076835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.166318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                13172858     65.66%     65.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  385408      1.92%     67.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  289505      1.44%     69.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  240344      1.20%     70.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1262055      6.29%     76.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  421153      2.10%     78.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  571767      2.85%     81.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  358715      1.79%     83.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3360677     16.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            20062482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.158581                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.046212                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1614423                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             11523807                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  5389625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1486982                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 47645                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              734711                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                 1451                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              41583495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                 5945                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 47645                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2721527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5175306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles       2561309                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  5754298                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3802397                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              41502261                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 49267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents               485637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2665829                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           32600397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             55343858                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        37644533                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         17699325                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             32287521                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  312876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            132229                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           802                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 12360532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7358741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3565183                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1415977                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          133974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  38682946                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1311                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38567542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            22002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         320494                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       228419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20062482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.922371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.752317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            5577594     27.80%     27.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3797545     18.93%     46.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4048395     20.18%     66.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2678970     13.35%     80.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2294996     11.44%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             906703      4.52%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             438798      2.19%     98.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             265838      1.33%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              53643      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       20062482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  20574      2.56%      2.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                262140     32.58%     35.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     35.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4448      0.55%     35.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     35.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     35.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult              339522     42.19%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 97589     12.13%     90.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                80397      9.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             20829968     54.01%     54.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              787016      2.04%     56.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            3046697      7.90%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 13      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           3026346      7.85%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 72      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7341789     19.04%     90.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3535641      9.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38567542                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.894027                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     804670                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          76605919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         28330336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28046445                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           21418319                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          10674714                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10459636                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              28448099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               10924113                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888814                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        71357                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51045                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        15015                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 47645                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 873258                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                39247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           41410152                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7358741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3565183                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               760                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 26437                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4804                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          7867                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6271                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               14138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             38533972                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7330793                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            33570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      2725895                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10864560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3196785                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   3533767                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.892378                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      38522522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     38506081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 23500587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 31780781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.891008                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.739459                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts      41059150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedOps        41059150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         325544                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           1150                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            13227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20014837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.051436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.373009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7951927     39.73%     39.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2399749     11.99%     51.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3028454     15.13%     66.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1888665      9.44%     76.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1809613      9.04%     85.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       652750      3.26%     88.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       762351      3.81%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       310434      1.55%     93.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1210894      6.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20014837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            41059150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41059150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10801522                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7287384                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3170384                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  10433584                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 32140085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              858797                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1210894                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    60168513                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   82817106                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                           9845                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         300243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                       36770                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   38344445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38344445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             38344445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.531048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.531048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.883070                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.883070                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                41719126                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               23467741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 13139971                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 8939997                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 132308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                  1072                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  5511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               484.449089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 4730849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                  6010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                787.162895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   484.449089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.946190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.946190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4730849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4730849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4730849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4730849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4730849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4730849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         7291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          7291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         7291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         7291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    240161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    240161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    240161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    240161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    240161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4738140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4738140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4738140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4738140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4738140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4738140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 32939.377314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32939.377314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 32939.377314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32939.377314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 32939.377314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32939.377314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         1281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    179502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    179502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    179502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    179502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    179502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    179502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 29867.221298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29867.221298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 29867.221298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29867.221298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 29867.221298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29867.221298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 85791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.233484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9646461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                 86301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                111.776932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             134489000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   511.233484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.998503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6216988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6216988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3428347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3428347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data          542                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          542                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data          527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9645335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9645335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9645335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9645335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       213946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       213946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        85256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        85256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       299202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        299202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       299202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       299202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11507792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11507792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4092385385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4092385385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1108000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1108000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       129000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       129000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15600177385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15600177385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15600177385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15600177385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6430934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6430934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3513603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3513603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data          577                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          577                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data          535                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          535                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9944537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9944537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9944537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9944537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060659                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060659                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014953                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53788.301721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53788.301721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48001.142266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48001.142266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31657.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31657.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        16125                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16125                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52139.281773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52139.281773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52139.281773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52139.281773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1020962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    987559000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets          21245                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  7507.073529                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46484.302189                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        55956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            55956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       175155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        37636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       212791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       212791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       212791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       212791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        38791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        47620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        47620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        86411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        86411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2099193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2099193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2629194849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2629194849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       680000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       680000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       105000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4728387849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4728387849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4728387849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4728387849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013553                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013553                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039861                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039861                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014953                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54115.464927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54115.464927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55211.987589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55211.987589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29565.217391                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29565.217391                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        13125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54719.744581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54719.744581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54719.744581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54719.744581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1174613                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      6913                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 1181526                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     760999                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     3723                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 764722                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1935612                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     10636                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                 1946248                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     660507                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      103                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 660610                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         3821061                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                  536664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted            531465                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect              9925                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               264724                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  250038                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2380                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 91                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             23165                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                       7196105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                     536664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches            252418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      1130705                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                  47166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles               2349494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  48                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        36239                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                   660507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples           3576803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.011882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.248770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                 2446098     68.39%     68.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  102142      2.86%     71.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    2511      0.07%     71.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                   69353      1.94%     73.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  136389      3.81%     77.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   22711      0.63%     77.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                   40853      1.14%     78.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                   77315      2.16%     81.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                  679431     19.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total             3576803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.140449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.883274                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                  301238                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              2082968                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                   869756                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               251192                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                 35410                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved                2596                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                  336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts               7142238                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                 1285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                 35410                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                  514342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                1401384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles          5236                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                   893758                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               690434                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts               7080075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 49389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               330678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents          184126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            5456275                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             10936495                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups         4710629                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6225866                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              5207688                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                  248587                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts               240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts           221                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  1956140                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             1203191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores             791785                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            37156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores            2358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6932164                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6843144                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            19674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         253689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       180387                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3576803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.913201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.197716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1543760     43.16%     43.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             410697     11.48%     54.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             368715     10.31%     64.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             386990     10.82%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             316553      8.85%     84.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             224378      6.27%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             187962      5.26%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              83811      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              53937      1.51%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3576803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  20711     14.14%     14.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     14.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     14.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4179      2.85%     16.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     16.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     16.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               30889     21.09%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     38.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 78907     53.86%     91.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11806      8.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3198499     46.74%     46.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 187      0.00%     46.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     46.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951752     13.91%     60.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737316     10.77%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1190520     17.40%     88.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             764866     11.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               6843144                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.790902                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     146492                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021407                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           9881635                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3307545                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3115044                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7547622                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3878609                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3678123                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               3155487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3834145                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        40357                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11625                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                 35410                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 830602                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                39473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7003327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1203191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              791785                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 27376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4886                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5639                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4263                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                9902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6815462                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1181528                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            27682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        70884                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     1946250                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                  517277                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                    764722                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.783657                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       6808260                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      6793167                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  4659497                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  7127150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.777822                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.653767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6735908                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedOps         6735908                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts         247322                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            155                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             9593                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3505154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.921715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.666664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1886926     53.83%     53.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166992      4.76%     58.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       374684     10.69%     69.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       308014      8.79%     78.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       193128      5.51%     83.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       106828      3.05%     86.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        39584      1.13%     87.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        80634      2.30%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       348364      9.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3505154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             6735908                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               6735908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       1900812                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      1149384                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         43                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                    495341                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  4977608                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                1737                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               348364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                    10125408                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   14001880                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                           7388                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         244258                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                    16578438                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    6666163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      6666163                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total              6666163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.573202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.573202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.744584                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.744584                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                 6572090                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                2450439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                  4074606                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                 2850047                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                     95                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                    89                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   648                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                70.910778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                  659222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                  1033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                638.162633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    70.910778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.138498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.138498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       659222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         659222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       659222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          659222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       659222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         659222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     38708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       660507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       660507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       660507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       660507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       660507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       660507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 30122.957198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30122.957198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 30122.957198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30122.957198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 30122.957198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30122.957198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27479.186834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27479.186834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27479.186834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27479.186834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27479.186834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27479.186834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 49553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                95.579370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 1654271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 50060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 33.045765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           16622438000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    95.579370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.186678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.186678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       928104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         928104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       726034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        726034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           25                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1654138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1654138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1654138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1654138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       212303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       212303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        25350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       237653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        237653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       237653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       237653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11425388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11425388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1463625320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1463625320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       200000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       200000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       108000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       108000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12889013320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12889013320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  12889013320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12889013320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1140407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1140407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       751384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1891791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1891791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1891791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1891791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.186164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.186164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.294118                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.431818                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.431818                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.125623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.125623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53816.422754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53816.422754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57736.699014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57736.699014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5684.210526                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5684.210526                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54234.591274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54234.591274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54234.591274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54234.591274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       404999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    940561997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               25                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 16199.960000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46585.537246                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            20265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       174614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       174614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        12879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       187493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       187493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       187493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       187493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        50160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        50160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2041624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2041624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    751858667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    751858667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        82000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        82000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        54000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2793482667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2793482667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2793482667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2793482667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016597                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016597                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.215686                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215686                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.409091                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409091                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54170.288413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54170.288413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60288.562826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60288.562826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7454.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7454.545455                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         3000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55691.440730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55691.440730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55691.440730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55691.440730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     1176144                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      6855                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 1182999                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     761895                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     3556                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 765451                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     1938039                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     10411                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                 1948450                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     665110                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                       92                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 665202                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         3806938                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                  537638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted            532162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             10161                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               263287                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  250478                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2442                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             21973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                       7202616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                     537638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches            252920                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      1131979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                  47792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles               2343856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  35                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        36601                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1392                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                   665110                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  623                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples           3571966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.016429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.250991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                 2439987     68.31%     68.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  102482      2.87%     71.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    2713      0.08%     71.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                   69365      1.94%     73.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  136378      3.82%     77.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   22665      0.63%     77.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                   40791      1.14%     78.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                   77650      2.17%     80.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                  679935     19.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total             3571966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.141226                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.891971                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                  301498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              2076061                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                   870519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               251499                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                 35788                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved                2749                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                  353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts               7147133                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                 1367                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                 35788                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                  514495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                1392994                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          4047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                   894844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles               693197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts               7085728                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 48953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               334877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents          183126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands            5459676                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             10943851                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups         4713512                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6230339                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps              5207684                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  251992                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts               223                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts           196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  1959777                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             1204739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores             793178                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            37484                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores            4541                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6938405                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6848048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            18763                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         259481                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       182819                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3571966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.917165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.198223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1537978     43.06%     43.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             410241     11.49%     54.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             369163     10.34%     64.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             386427     10.82%     75.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             317534      8.89%     84.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             225460      6.31%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             187558      5.25%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              83424      2.34%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54181      1.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3571966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  20833     14.22%     14.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     14.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     14.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4413      3.01%     17.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     17.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     17.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29262     19.98%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     37.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 80146     54.71%     91.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11838      8.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3201046     46.74%     46.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 142      0.00%     46.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     46.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951754     13.90%     60.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737306     10.77%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1192179     17.41%     88.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             765617     11.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total               6848048                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.798834                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     146492                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021392                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           9882414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3311861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3116393                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7550903                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3886302                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3679310                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses               3158844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3835692                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33362                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        55181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           25                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41589                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11881                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                 35788                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                 845337                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                39018                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7009725                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1204739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              793178                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 26847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4858                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            25                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5710                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts               10054                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6818568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1183005                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            29480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        71068                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     1948456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                  517246                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                    765451                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.791090                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                       6810644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                      6795703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                  4660696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                  7130738                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.785084                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.653606                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6736078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedOps         6736078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts         250602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             9819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3499577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.924826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.667602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1881945     53.78%     53.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166422      4.76%     58.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       374275     10.69%     69.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307157      8.78%     78.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       194402      5.56%     83.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       106993      3.06%     86.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        39716      1.13%     87.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        80570      2.30%     90.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       348097      9.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3499577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts             6736078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps               6736078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       1901147                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      1149558                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         45                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                    495389                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                  4977773                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                1764                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               348097                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    10123665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   14009160                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                           7234                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         234972                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                    16592555                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    6666308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6666308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total              6666308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.571071                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.571071                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.751094                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.751094                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                 6575233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                2451555                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                  4075052                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                 2850527                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                    106                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   103                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                68.611451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                  663858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                  1051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                631.644148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    68.611451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.134007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.134007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       663858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         663858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       663858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          663858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       663858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         663858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     27303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     27303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     27303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     27303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     27303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       665110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       665110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       665110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       665110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       665110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       665110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21807.507987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21807.507987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21807.507987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21807.507987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21807.507987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21807.507987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     20193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     20193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     20193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19213.130352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19213.130352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19213.130352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19213.130352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19213.130352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19213.130352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 49386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse                95.415060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                 1655783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                 49891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                 33.188010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle           16628545000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    95.415060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.186358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.186358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       929452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         929452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data       726191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        726191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data           43                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           43                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      1655643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         1655643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      1655643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        1655643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       212283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       212283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        25348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       237631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        237631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       237631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       237631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11409100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11409100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1484152263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1484152263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       243000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       243000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       108000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       108000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12893252263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12893252263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12893252263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12893252263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1141735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1141735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       751539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       751539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           60                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           60                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      1893274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1893274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      1893274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1893274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.185930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.185930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.033728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.283333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.283333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.420000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.420000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.125513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.125513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53744.765243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53744.765243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58551.059768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58551.059768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14294.117647                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14294.117647                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5142.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5142.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54257.450682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54257.450682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54257.450682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54257.450682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       598000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    939960995                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               34                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20258                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 17588.235294                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46399.496248                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            20266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       174766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       174766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        12882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       187648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       187648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       187648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       187648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        37517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2039810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2039810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    763846660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763846660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       129000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       129000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        51000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        51000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2803656660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803656660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2803656660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803656660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.016587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.380000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54370.285471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54370.285471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61274.399166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61274.399166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9214.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9214.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  2684.210526                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2684.210526                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56092.204550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56092.204550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56092.204550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56092.204550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     1173247                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      6845                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 1180092                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     760643                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     3651                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                 764294                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     1933890                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     10496                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                 1944386                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     669264                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      102                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 669366                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         3794005                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                  533707                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted            529175                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect              9676                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups               255389                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                  248681                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                    2073                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 55                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             17854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                       7176141                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                     533707                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches            250754                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                      1127261                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                  46498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles               2344128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles        36416                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1516                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                   669264                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  395                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples           3562552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.014326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.250668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                 2435291     68.36%     68.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                  102242      2.87%     71.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    2348      0.07%     71.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                   68824      1.93%     73.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                  135563      3.81%     77.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   22712      0.64%     77.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                   40195      1.13%     78.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                   77267      2.17%     80.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                  678110     19.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total             3562552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.140671                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.891442                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                  299068                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles              2074132                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                   865675                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles               252153                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                 35108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.BranchResolved                2261                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu3.decode.BranchMispred                  242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts               7124372                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.SquashedInsts                  934                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                 35108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                  511346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                1389386                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          3119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                   892819                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles               694358                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts               7065398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 49143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents               339137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents          181132                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands            5446488                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups             10920206                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups         4691731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6228475                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps              5200122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                  246366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts               172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts           159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                  1944458                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads             1201789                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores             791896                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            37180                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores            6517                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6923041                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6832623                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            18882                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         254720                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       182185                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3562552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.917901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.198323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1533091     43.03%     43.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             409440     11.49%     54.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             368230     10.34%     64.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             385307     10.82%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             317239      8.90%     84.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             224841      6.31%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             187899      5.27%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              81793      2.30%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54712      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        3562552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  20879     14.27%     14.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     14.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     14.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4407      3.01%     17.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     17.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     17.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult               29159     19.92%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 80167     54.77%     91.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                11746      8.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                4      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3190050     46.69%     46.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 157      0.00%     46.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     46.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             951747     13.93%     60.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            737296     10.79%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1188987     17.40%     88.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             764382     11.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total               6832623                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.800900                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     146358                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021420                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           9843847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3292478                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3103014                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7549191                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3885490                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3678627                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses               3144181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3834796                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33294                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        54298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        40969                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11880                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                 35108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                 875727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                38117                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6992457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1201789                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              791896                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 25842                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4769                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5567                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4040                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                9607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6804299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1180093                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            28324                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        69230                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                     1944387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                  514294                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                    764294                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.793434                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                       6796521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                      6781641                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                  4653431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                  7120438                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.787462                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.653532                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts       6724195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedOps         6724195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts         246648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             84                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             9444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3491028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.926136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.668470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1876876     53.76%     53.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       165499      4.74%     58.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       373614     10.70%     69.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306566      8.78%     77.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       194174      5.56%     83.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       106692      3.06%     86.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        39518      1.13%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        80206      2.30%     90.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       347883      9.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3491028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts             6724195                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps               6724195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                       1898418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                      1147491                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                    492988                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                   3656062                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                  4967410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                1550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events               347883                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                    10099610                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                   13976799                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                           7095                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         231453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                    16605484                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    6655897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6655897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total              6655897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.570022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.570022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.754320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.754320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                 6557466                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                2441821                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                  4074717                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                 2850175                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                     55                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                    51                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                59.965299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                  668445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                929.687065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    59.965299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.117120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.117120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       668445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         668445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       668445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          668445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       668445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         668445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       669264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       669264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       669264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       669264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       669264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       669264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 19880.341880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19880.341880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 19880.341880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19880.341880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 19880.341880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19880.341880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     12647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     12647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     12647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.001074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17589.707928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17589.707928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17589.707928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17589.707928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17589.707928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17589.707928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 49331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                95.461760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                 1652578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                 49836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                 33.160326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle           16620235000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    95.461760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.186449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.186449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data       926870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         926870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data       725648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        725648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      1652518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         1652518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      1652518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        1652518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       212069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       212069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data        25254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       237323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        237323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       237323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       237323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11402896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11402896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1488915281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1488915281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       142000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       142000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       131000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       131000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12891811281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12891811281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12891811281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12891811281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1138939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1138939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data       750902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       750902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           25                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      1889841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1889841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      1889841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1889841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.186199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.186199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.125578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53769.744753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53769.744753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 58957.602004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58957.602004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20285.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20285.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        13100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54321.794689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54321.794689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54321.794689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54321.794689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       540000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    939814996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets          20246                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 16363.636364                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 46419.786427                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            20235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       174604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       174604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        12828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       187432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       187432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       187432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       187432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        37465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2036677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2036677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    766965654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    766965654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2803642654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803642654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2803642654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803642654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.032895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016548                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016548                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.026400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54362.124650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54362.124650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 61722.650410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61722.650410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         2250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        10100                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10100                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56195.358963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56195.358963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56195.358963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56195.358963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
